looks epic
ditto!  Hit me up at Josh at https://t.co/kqjsgl6M4p and we can find a good time we will be in the same place!
California goes from drought challenges to flood challenges in one rainy winter 😰 https://t.co/IVEvu0EaIO
Water is flowing! https://t.co/hTddLJ9gkX
I saw her tweet.  She was pissed.  Then she deleted it.
wait - food courts and chili's? You are in the perfect location
that would be some great alternate fiction.  Also if some hadn't happened - e.g. google without android or youtube
The world would look a lot different if this had happened. But now Microsoft has an internet giant in LinkedIn https://t.co/sOk2fdtAKt
well deserved... and enjoy!
👋
Got to do office hours with 8 different companies today. Really impressed by the breadth of ideas and sense of how to grow
very cool
I just clicked on an ad today. #doingmypart
I am thrilled to welcome to work with us, our portfolio and potential portfolio on all things growth! https://t.co/BVXvJ66voD
the procrastination of tinkering often gets in the way of the urge to write ;)
Wordpress for tinkering then!
why not medium?  Wordpress and Tumblr both pretty easy to spin up on domain
saffron is surprisingly expensive
but the tour and coffee are free!
I think I said goodbye to you on the way out - you still had a line
I haven't done enough of them to know
zero to one by peter thiel is a useful book
my schedule is a disaster right now (was traveling last two weeks) but shoot me a note soon and we can try for it
why not for 4 years?
awesome!!!
I bet half the room empties out after you finish
Lots of product managers here at tonight.  on the left is speaking first https://t.co/xQpEkFyX0I
software / app / tech enabled hardware like cameras / drones / smart home / wearables
life is better when you can outsource it to google instead of to one lonely data center
congrats JP! And Jaunt!
Looking forward to speaking to a great group of product managers at this event tonight https://t.co/c5u4S49rx8
nah - this is just temporary as they try to set some norms and get audience
Also in the "it's late but not too late" bucket. https://t.co/uVscALtT76
YouTube has been slow to live streaming, but their community is still strong enough. great way to increase frequenc… https://t.co/a6qURjedOm
you sound more excited about the ending with all those !!! than I would have guessed!
so well deserved!!!
Dear Atlanta fans - call me if you need to talk. I feel your pain. -Josh (Seahawks)
and still on brand messaging. Nicely done
congrats buddy. You must be so happy.
if you tweet a lot you occasionally get a great one like this one
Excited to see how rapidly is expanding globally (as well as nationally) https://t.co/O8BQy76Yx5
Congratulations Patriots and Tom Brady.  Incredible game and incredible comeback. I got about 20 minutes behind on TiVo - this is live to me
it is such an incredible dystopian story I can't wait to see how it plays out across a series
great night indeed
correct
fair. Budweiser was probably made a while ago to celebrate American dream. Hope they didn't lose fan base
yeah was more celebrating American dream
Audi and Anheuser-Busch ads were impressive statements. Bold for the company brands. Especially love Audi message and entire ad
Rofl https://t.co/eNPKVbKiuU
the more famous Jeremy Lin basketball player but you made me rewind and look
can't wait until she tours again
hhhhaaaaaaaaa
Forgot just how many good songs Lady Gaga has.
those network shows start with ads so Hulu and networks have to be careful about how easy ad free is...
will be much better as a series than just two hour movie
they don't on their content.
read the book. Missed the film I guess. When?
https://t.co/DIqvSDjC4c?
Wow can't wait for Handmaid's Tale. Hulu should have branded themselves more strongly. Could be their House of Cards
.@crystale best ads have some connection to their product. Could have had first version of car talking about growing up before unveil
Yearbook ad was great. Except what was it for?
just get a good free vpn
provoking patriot fans is just so easy.  Very sensitive bunch even with 5 super bowl victories
Best thing about Tom Brady's suspension for cheating at the beginning of the season is he is four games fresher now. Maybe cheat yearly?
if the Seahawks aren't in the super bowl, you would much rather they lost to the super bowl winner. they beat both these teams
patriots used to be my second favorite team.
So much news in the world, I feel woefully underprepared for the Super Bowl. I haven't pre-watched the commercials.  Oh and Go #Falcons!
we call dibs on the first startup!
for finding users? No. For scaling your company? Yes I think so
Excited for at and thanks for incredible contributions. They are hiring for the future of media https://t.co/XzqerzQkKT
none of them did which was kind of the point. All huge wins
you can't just co opt someone's thread for your own points. What do you think this is? twitter? 😜
and tinder is post uber / Instagram so fits my q too
I was talking about any consumer breakouts -- uber not pure digital either. Inorganic fine if mass. My pt: Early adopters not SV
not broken out at all - but maybe if they do!
Postmates / mobile food delivery (though grubhub huge) and medium perhaps. Question of whether even broken out yet
Postmates and food delivery perhaps.  Waze grew in LA much faster than valley. And Israel first
maybe mainstream - but fb live wasn't a valley phenomenon and I don't think it grew because the others were SV phenoms
yes was only suggesting in comparison to soylent - Red Bull spread around the world as a cool drink
sure - but tinder, musically, houseparty, ring, bitmoji, offerup, I can go on.... all interesting and broke out enough
rough life :)
Kenny Easley was easily one of my favorite Seahawks growing up.  Congrats on making the Hall of Fame!!!… https://t.co/2Me8BYYRcT
the things since then at scale haven't really started here
tesla certainly has advantages with access to software engineers for the car experience / autopilot.
for getting things started yes, for scaling there are still a lot of advantages to silicon valley
yes - but not first in Silicon Valley, and actually before 2010
yes fair.  Though Tesla is an interest recent car example ;)
hah - it is a change from 7-8 years ago. I grew up in Tacoma so i know the northwest bias though ;)
consumer technology - software or hardware
now much less relevant
from 1997- 2011 I think  Silicon Valley adoption was early predictor to majority of consumer tech successes
not really broken out?
sure it was - in the earlier days of internet and even social products (LinkedIn Friendster and twitter) sf was first
yup exactly
lots of early products grew in Silicon Valley ecosystem first including yahoo google twitter Instagram and uber
team yes, market was always US and started with US teens who wanted to lip sync
none of these broke out first in Silicon Valley
in the early days the products that got big like eBay yahoo and especially google were tons of engineering
Casper certainly isn't a valley phenom.  Square I thought hit a lot of people who couldn't take credit cards like food trucks
LinkedIn, tinder, Facebook - the secret to all of these products was the psychology
that is debatable. Amazon had it on their front page super early
yup slack. Not quite consumer. Pokemongo went sorta everywhere at once
Eventbrite was pre 2010
would you say the first adopters and people who spread these were from Silicon Valley? Not chegg and robinhood. Nor houzz. HT?
maybe - I actually don't know how and where waze spread.  I thought LA even more than sf
I think Google was the last giant company built where the tech risk / accomplishment was primary
the madness is at the beginning for sure, there is method to how you grow and scale though
*conscious* sure. But it is the underlying motives that all of these products are built around
;)
you got me laughing
Are you saying studying psychology, philosophy, or product design don't lead towards understanding consumer psychology?
and fwiw - "distribution hacks" are absolutely understanding psychology
actually - there are. Zuckerberg studied psychology, Reid Hoffman studied philosophy, Spiegel product design. Not CS
yeah - but took off within Silicon Valley workers. It is the most consumer form of enterprise
yes that is what I meant :).  Tinder totally did not get big here
actually wish is a great example where primary growth was *not* Silicon Valley types
since 2011 - best are slack instacart and Tesla
did *not* start in Silicon Valley
#siliconvalleyalternatefacts Facebook Platform was intended to lure developers in and then change the rules
ooooh
ah - fascinating!!
also dammit
I miss the scroll wheel that was all clicky. Had v1 since I was working on RealPlayer
oh really?  I never knew where it got its first growth. I thought it was more India and Eastern Europe
before 2010!
that looks pretty clear. I get a little surprise that add could be SMS but kids expect that
what did you do to invite everyone?  I skipped the invite screen and then manually invited ppl
careful - if you start processing the messages vs sending when user asks, considered spam
💯💯💯
to be clear the fair complaint I was referring to is every invite from a new number. Rest I get :)
perhaps - wasn't just a valley break out. But did grow biggest first in actual Silicon Valley
dammit
fair complaint.
that is my investment thesis conclusion :). Or services that know how to produce or find new hits frequently
and this isn't a case of "viral oops" or the darkest patterns, it was just blowing up
so you got pissed because friends invited you to an app?  I can trump that for things to be pissed about :)
were you always this good at withstanding peer pressure?
or just $TSLA
shhh people only use Slack for worky things
you didn't read the whole thread? ;)
https://t.co/eju2YkQwUK
latter
didn't hold. But yes a tech community flash pop
except Red Bull broke out in very cool places and venues
I am in your camp. At least outside of tech community.  Then again remember what ppl used to think about RedBull?
yeah but feels more like cool shoe brands now
sorry - talking about where adopted not built
well said
wasn't for you initially!
yes. And a lot of wellness and prevention products too
yup - said slack is one that grew in valley first. Less consumer but still relevant
instacart is a good example.
all colleges
yes and moreso colleges. And very slow initial uptake.
I miss it too. Still not quite ready for it. Zenly trying too
yeah tesla is a great example
very teen first.
are you saying everyone wears stance because tech people wore stance first?
Meerkat and periscope perhaps fit there. But both got stuck. Snapchat early growth very outside valley
right - I am talking more about the consumer adoption not just development
tesla and Nest i agree. Echo - not as sure - amazon was promoting it heavily on their home page
then perhaps a good one!
yes - but there was a period of time where if something broke out here first you felt it was likely to break beyond
no - but also the sales and promotion of these aren't SF/valley first either
in Silicon Valley? I thought peter thiel said there wasn't enough sex here
it is ok. You may stop self loathing now
there have been enough - just haven't been centered on tech community (Snap, musically, Yikyak for a period, houseparty?)
tesla is a good example !
I hadn't heard of that post ;)
snapchat broke out in high schools and distinctly not Silicon Valley
.@gregcohn lots of false positives. But before 2010/11 we had Twitter, Instagram, uber, LinkedIn, Yelp, google eBay yahoo etc
yup. Has been a struggle
I see what you did there ;)
they broke out more in midwest I believe in the earlier days.
has it broken out beyond yet?
I would definitely include games. Pokémon go took off worldwide not Valley led at all for example. Candy Crush too
not talking about where it was built but where it took off. Slack did take off here first
"technology" is so mainstream now we need to start looking at consumer products like cultural phenomenon rather than tech phenomenon
no - Pinterest explicitly grew bigger in Midwest first than on coasts
and of course Pinterest more in midwest, and many have started recently at colleges.  Maybe Slack is a good example - more enterprise tho
Snapchat grew in high schools, musically with teens, whatsapp around the world.  Silicon Valley isn't leader for consumer adoption anymore
Has there been a mainstream consumer product that has broken out first in Silicon Valley since Uber and Instagram in 2010/11?
let us know if a gun travel tweet matters when they review your social media feed upon return
you look great
https://t.co/ziSHf8Gh53
I hope they win! after beating my Seahawks
totally agree with your post. Reinforcing vision and talking about how you make users lives better is all that matters
Great post from Gokul. I thought he was going to say ceos avoid the word "me". But his post is smarter than that https://t.co/MLFm7owef2
Or no one really cares about the Patriots vs Falcons.
This has been the quietest Super Bowl week news-wise that I can remember.  Seems like something else keeps trumping it in the news.
they will attempt alternative landingsyup
I hope I go early
or at least shower!
snap is massive in its core demographic
video advertising is doing well in stories, live, and discover
we would do it all over chitchat
great interview.
beautiful expression of the sentiment
yup. And ultimately the lack of forward momentum
kinda feels like Trump winning. Time for comeback of the underdogs. Go Falcons!
brilliant concept and buzz. but limited quantity and impact so far
agreed - but argument is lots of engagement growth and plenty of user growth ahead too
yeah - they made it intentionally harder to view creator content
oh very different than Meerkat. Snap has the personal connections that keep people very sticky.
hah hi :)
https://t.co/dmYvZ9Dn5q
I do think Snap missed a window of next big things beyond stories and lenses this year though. When IG catching up
hahaha no. But it isn't death the other way either I think!  Rather than editing I went for tweetstorm. Twexplanation?
the world is flat.  Also in case we were not on same page -- https://t.co/dmYvZ9Dn5q
we will know more in a year. I expect some interesting innovations ahead
I meant it the other way - people saying SC growth slowing means it is already lost. I don't believe that
I meant it the other way - people saying FB/IG had already won. SC has a core addicted audience and will be plenty fights ahead
Oh - and to be clear I meant "game over for FB/IG" as if they had already won
yup. Lots are suspicious.
I agree 100%.  But doesn't mean Snap can't get a lot larger too
Comparing Snap to Facebook is a question of the opportunity ahead. People are being too quick to call it game over for Facebook / Instagram
The biggest risk to Snap's IPO is the comparison to Twitter which had (has?) a ton of unrealized potential. Think S… https://t.co/IXvsh1BsP4
hey I am strong hire on this candidate
have none but am a fan
Great role to help Ben build a rapidly growing product and platform https://t.co/M4lAKI508N
Congrats and the whole team for building a company to this stage and milestone.   https://t.co/EuIQcZUavq
yup should have been given venue to speak.
true confessions
haha sorry - inside joke
students created the kindling
good rule
nope. I think what I said on top if folks wanted to express their sentiments
yes - mostly outsiders. But still created the kindling
I wonder if a better strategy in Berkeley would have been to show up full and then walk out silently.
someone else referred to this as dunning krueger effect. I am hopeful his oh shit might at least be "oh god I am so bored"
still can get to the ultimate goal but it takes a lot of work.  Hopefully ready and all in for that
the hardest thing in any job is how you iterate when the first thing doesn't quite have the effect you want
oh I don't think it has happened at all yet. Still shooting at the hip
no I meant his own oh shit moment
Think that might happen here? When?
All of sudden you had this oh shit moment, when you realized how hard the work was. you had signed up for a long slog. The real work hit you
And there was so much going on and you felt like you were able to come in and steer the ship in a new direction?
Remember when you got a new job and everything seemed so fun? You could come up with lots of ideas and do things you had never done before?
old town Sacramento, Santa Cruz, Pismo beach all fun
congratulations!! -- and thanks for all you have done at twitter too
I hope I caused one of those when I was trying to parallel park, the Waymo got way too close behind me and I tried to wave it around
bot
incredible work
MIT has made a similar feature to see someone else's timeline - though I don't know why it needs machine learning https://t.co/5a10tYEy4a
I can't decide what's worse-that you read this article and noticed that, or that now i have read the article carefully too
I hate having multiple "to do" lists. Email is still the best aggregator
how do you not email yourself? Such a millenial
you are horrible.
organic mentions are the lifeblood of any good twinfluencer campaign
just houseparty me and it'll be like we are together even though we aren't
sounds like Thursday is the day to go then!  Sorry to miss you both
maybe you should ask Jelly what is happening?
and it spreads the brand too.  Unless no one uses it
designers are never wrong
Branded Snapcodes in the real world  will be big for Snapchat. Like # and for Twitter, AOL keywords https://t.co/DJV8iLebTA
most aren't even sold in the US so you don't save that much on shipping. But interesting question right?
Wikipedia is a great place to start
I wonder what the profit will look like if/when they are made in USA?
I guess people still like iPhones :) !!! https://t.co/DIwSw0w9OP
josh at greylock dot com
adding team to do some more App Store optimization work
the patron saint of developer tooling for internet infrastructure
The sounds of millions of apps and a few bigger ones going silent today as their cloud shuts down https://t.co/YjLdYEtdZW
you have to be very careful to remove someone you don't agree with vs someone misusing the system.
oh wow - smart thread!
yup
where do I send my money?
nope not then either
hope you didn't click that again!
twitter is based on being an open platform for communication. This would make it very partisan.
I don't know - probably can reverse engineer the endpoint if it isn't in the API
yes agreed. Doesn't make any sense.
People are asking Twitter to ban the president's account. But removing fake accounts that follow/RT might hurt more. Numbers would go down.
you got it!
so fatalistic.  Maybe a fully anonymous service would help?
Dan found the feature we did ship in 2011 in its somewhat neutered form (just a tab vs a big "look through X's eyes… https://t.co/LZ3DmpCaVC
if you force yourself to smile in the mirror you start to cheer up. Maybe the empathy button can do the same thing?
sometimes the curiosity overwhelms the bias of confirmation. Could help
yup - but we neutered its form so it didn't have the impact it could have. Products aren't just features - packaging / comms matter too😊
yup that was the more neutered one we shipped
true true 😰
amazing
yup multiple attempts. first time was done by
But I still wonder if "see Twitter through someone else's eyes" had shipped if we could have raised the overall empathy quotient
We shipped it in a less impactful way and eventually it was taken back out of the product
Even though all the info is public (who you follow / what they tweet), it is so powerful to others it felt like a privacy violation
We wanted to ship this as a feature to "see Twitter through someone else's eyes" as a way to discover new content / onboard more easily
Learned so much about people - their interests, passions, friends, and feelings - by looking at their timelines. Also the power of Twitter
When I worked at Twitter I used to walk around and ask people if I could look over their shoulder and have them describe their timelines
Facebook and Twitter should create a way to trade timelines / feeds with strangers and see viewpoints of others. "Empathy button".
:( well I hope the conflict has a smile curve too!
we invest before there are lots of users. Growth is the value add ;)
ooh - magic. Send them our way!
is he back living at home with his parents too?
.@BillSimmons suggestions for what Tom Brady should say to Roger Goodell if he wins SB51 made me crack up https://t.co/ihWi7wuQfO
sadly my dealflow isn't as good. I didn't get this deal
Xin Nian Kuai Le! - a happy lunar new year to everyone celebrating!
depends how good the deal is!  Sometimes even too good to be true
oh no Mischa!!!
ooh long press on "Me" is useful too. 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
how did you not like my answer to the question from the guy who hates whale?
if you hold your phone in your right hand &amp; click notifications as much as I think you do, you will soon appreciate this
totally.  Startup life is all experiments until scale is reached in one business. Then more experiments! "Data scientific method"
product development at its finest
it really isn't a "middle" activity. I would have moved home there and made it slightly larger
Slowly retraining my brain to hit the middle button for twitter notifications. In the meantime Explore is seeing a burst in views from me!
that would have been an even better title than idiocracy
congrats Hugo! See you in the other reality soon!
preach
“From Campus Drive to Cisco: Our Journey with AppDynamics” by https://t.co/3Y15xOihf5
kinda like the actual changeover?
Ecotopia: a book about the west coast seceding and creating a new nation written in 1975.  https://t.co/vLz3MU2MrP
Incredible outcome for the AppDynamics team who were about to IPO this week. Huge congrats to my partner f… https://t.co/lyf2sQ1TWt
we would travel well together
best part now is he has to pay you for the access ;)
Yay and Power team!!! https://t.co/ksb5kvIUy7
aren't stairs just chairs you can walk on?
says "I am excited. If I am delayed on the trip it just means more time to do work on more customers. All I think about
says "I cannot wait to go meet prospective customers in 28 cities in the next 31 days. Flying at night I am so excited"
This is gold https://t.co/rEOP9VuqmT
another one? 😎
just at a farm we stopped at
I can't wait to read your first articles and see how this comes out :)
that is a big bummer.  It is such an apprenticeship type job
beat ya to it :) https://t.co/XxRR8SUMD8
when someone stops actually operating... what I can't figure out is how journalists have that much time to tweet ;)
the ugly truth is most VCs hit an upper limit in their tech jobs ;)
thank god we have you back
If the biggest companies buy the best journalists, does this mean big cos are doing journalism? Or are we losing journalists to corpspeak?
Happy donkey https://t.co/5O4ae9Vn24
;) invested over a year ago 🤓
yes. Massive benefits when you don't have to build your own but PR, used support, partnerships, and especially ad sales
it is much more than "news" already - it allows people to find and join  communities about things they care about
great post.  I agree with all but twitter - that is a 1B+ user product with more iteration and better onboarding
PokémonGo is the signalflare that I think people should follow that new experiences can still spread fast
yeah. As I have said - reminds me of 2002 when everyone thought consumer internet was dead. Then boom social.
right. It is hard to beat entrenched incumbents unless you have a very novel and different approach
yes - and chance to be first and great rather than substitute or beat what are already incumbents
but instead so many people focus on VR/AR/robots/drones/self driving because um why?
yes. I save all endorsements until coverage in Recode. Or the rare times I visit LinkedIn's website ;)
Great article on the impact of shipping new things to users and how it has transformed Instagram. Nice job a… https://t.co/Ed7ehYr8ru
welcome back!  And congrats! Gongxi!
did you acknowledge the advice with a two finger salute? 🖕🖕
sure! Though my usage is weird - I don't really want to collect badges and be known everywhere ;)
fair enough.  Happy for you -- you probably get 10+ sign ins for me a week now
u so enterprise :). 🙌🏻
agreed to gotta keep raising the bar
yes. 100%. Have seen that plenty. Meerkat-&gt;Houseparty for example. Wouldn't use terms beyond adapt for medium is all
if previous objective was attract ad-driven publishers then maybe. But still on target for Ev's early vision
much worse. Waterworld was ultimately a good movie just not a great one
way too early to suggest failed. progress quite strong except decided not to go as deep on advertising
did they vote on the CEO again?
are you at google now?
thanks!
o i c. We have parted company then.
to be fair - I used to love the patriots - my favorite non Seahawks team in the Tony Eason and Steve Grogan days. Only since SB 49
l think you spelled cheaters incorrectly
Go #Falcons! And #Steelers!
executed perfectly by the administration. Time to stop getting faked out.
Any debates about yesterday's numbers obscure discussions about today's numbers. Media: Don't get confused about which message matters.
done with your snark.
sure. there are plenty of things that need to be cut. I would prefer to see that organization preserved.
women should not have "more rights than ever". There should be zero distinction of rights.
completely disagree. The potential to un-fund planned parenthood are just one risk of many.
my feelings? Nah. But I am curious why you feel prompted to engage in "dialog" and can't just let things be said
one can agree with a lot of what Trump stands for and will enact, and yet still be worried about treatment of women
oh i bet most if not all of them voted. Trump won in key states but didn't win majority of national votes.
curious: why do you feel the need to comment somewhat negatively when I tweet?
Today is historic. I hope this support and community becomes the new normal.  #WomensMarch
oh and I also didn't assume you were for or against Trump. I was just making the point that I see positive things on both sides
2. I didn't imply it was bad to be critical of Obama. That is fine. But you don't need to rain on someone else being positive.
1. Bringing up trump wasn't a critique at all. I personally agree with many of his positions. And I get why he won.
absolutely - I don't understand you. don't even know your name. But I also never criticized you or tried to assume your beliefs
huh - got it. Now you move to criticizing me. Again without understanding much about me, how I think or what I do.
I am excited to see what Ryan Sarver does next week!
I don't really care how you feel about it. But it is a bummer you felt a need to argue and critique my expression of excitement
funny - it seems to be you who can't tolerate anyone being positive about Obama
yup - I am excited. And I don't see the problem with that. The man has been a very public figure and I hope he can do more.actually you don't know my mindset and are making poor assumptions here. I was hoping people were post argument at this point
and fwiw - I grew up fairly differently than what I have been lucky to work into.
um sure. also very excited to see what Trump will do as president - I agree with a lot of his intentions.
we're gonna catch em all
me too. I like that we are still 7 years old sometimes.
especially now that we need a strong voice from the opposition
this was already a beginning : https://t.co/Q1QPC12pbV
Excited to see what Obama will do and have his voice still matter post presidency. still young like Clinton was but without the scandals.
more likely a conspiracy theory than a bug right?
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Go Sigma! a platform to bring merits and certifications online-and really digital identity! (We are a Seed investor) https://t.co/HSwbkeEfHb
did you write this tweet 15 years ago?  Hbd Jim!!!
Worth celebrating: 240 years of peaceful transfers of power
like
Thanks This is probably the first and only time I will be lucky enough to have a release named after me https://t.co/F6jxbAH3vD
the nicest thing you can ever say to an investor is that you didn't hate an idea they suggested! So thank you!!!
#ThanksObama . People may debate the politics of the past 8 years, but I am proud to live in an America where you served 8 years
open invite?
go Allison!
Imagine being to pay how everyone else sees you in AR.  Gonna be massive. You can only unveil the "real you" in pri… https://t.co/qwe9OPZYNu
or maybe the the first tweet was "finally gonna try Netflix since everyone is doing it!"
nope you can't do this when you decide your tweets are ephemeral.
I used to think being a foodie meant knowing where to find the most amazing $6 burrito or $10 ramen
exactly
me too. I had this issue with magic cards where I bought a new pack and friends bought boxes. Couldn't keep up.
I felt so weird always having a campus job
so glad to have you still leading the charge... 🙏🏽🤝👌
https://t.co/SMTM9Rm5JS
yup it will be great within google which is building an awesome suite of tools for developers now
yup - certainly lost the plot and the mob rage war
this is the stupid part of the twitter platform history narrative.
maybe - but actually landing it at google (vs FB which shut down parse) shows they care even more about developers I think
the consumer apps were always a small piece of the overall developer ecosystem even if a visible one
fwiw - there have been many great developers on top of twitter for customer service, social management and data products
I think this story was always orthogonal to twitter extending its platform through developers
happy for fabricians, sad for parsers
💪
hopefully the right answer was got back into bed!  Congratulations and thank you for serving!
sending you ❤👊💪
first ;)
https://t.co/Ul0ZMn8l9g
yeah - they like old people.  Feels retro.
sarah - you are like a 40 year old trapped inside a millennial's body sometimes. This is one of those times.
#myfirstonewasntthatlongyoumadeitworse
also #preventingidiotichashtagswithlotsofwordscrammedintogether
feels FAKE
related:  why r u listening to vc podcasts?
Raising a glass 🍸to everyone who built Vine. Created a movement. Revolutionized iPhone as a video creation tool and first influencer network
click on the tweet - should open the tweetstorm!
missing hashtag #ilovemyjob
ahh!  Need to ping you next time we get to the coast.  We went just over the hill to the park today. Chasing waterfalls :)
how close are you to Portola redwoods state park?
full of fish guts too
https://t.co/BlDxdBFLGG
maybe he has been doing that young people plasma thingy for a while?
thx!  Will check it out
Didn't get to cross to see Tiptoe Falls since bridge was out, but haven't seen Pescadero Creek like this in forever https://t.co/SSTz96Lr1w
baskets of physics children sounds like a great meme https://t.co/JQP21TVGxK
great growing European community too. "Too early" is a challenge though to make more progress
have you tried angelist? Lots who love productivity tools
congrats on the progress!  We have a similar investment already unfortunately but I wish you great progress ahead!

got it. you haven't adopted the main feed or emails as a primary way to consume the content. Still is strategy
correct - trying to connect people to the content they want and value
I know.  But we should have beat cardinals to have had it over Falcons. Falcons were amazing yesterday
that too. As well as the sideline catch by Cook
That was a great football game. Aaron Rogers is unreal. Atlanta vs Green Bay should be one of the highest scoring games ever.
nice view!
I think backstroke.VC could also do very well
both!
it is better than the search for clicks - but a valid concern. City monopolies with an impartial editorial board?
yup :). I am on board there.  Wanna help?
Great analysis of why ad-supported news is leading us to traffic over substance from https://t.co/TLLtTSCdVg
much easier than what I was going to suggest of pulling out a bunch of hairs and tying them tightly together with one strand
look at the score
Probably last time this football season I can still say #gohawks
you have given me some of the best advice along the way. Straight and needed. Thank you.
Seahawks have had a very up and down season.  Still made playoffs for 5th straight time. Now a chance to get key things fixed for next year.
thanks for the buck!
"I am just looking at it as a possible investment"?
this didn't last long: https://t.co/DdgLQtydgY
FAKE! Sad
what fake news did Russ share this time?
so I have been an ESPN insider subscriber since it first came out - 2000 or 2001. Somehow I just got boo… https://t.co/ByR6Xe8BUN
if he returns the fund- I am just betting he will politely decline my offer since he won't need it
peter - when our investment in you returns the fund I will buy you one private jet flight
I already funded one of his companies. Stop begging!
i find regular to be faster now 😎
I meant free variable costs
one interesting point is netflix prefers you to watch things that are free to them (their content) vs things they payperview
subscription or ads driven -- in both cases you have to get people to discover and consume content.
agree with Shane.  Very few cases where search leads to browse. Fb and twitter search never monetized well. No intent.
yup - I am with you. And fits well within the product experience too.
https://t.co/2URwX4ReOu
trust me I am super long snapchat. But I don't think search -- at least a search box -- is the key to revenue. Browse sure
sure but youtube hasn't really monetized search either
now you can double down on Chargers. Combined maybe they will win 10!
yes - but what content will they have you searching for daily that will be monetizable? Challenge of fb
oh yay!!! And in the portfolio!!!
👊👍👍👍👍💪🤡
so good - more often!!
work great when you start hiking on a cold day, it warms up and you go shorts, and then need pants for dinner!
If you want to really learn the tools of growth from many of the best like apply https://t.co/jJPCXLrIQW
I feel like calling this a "project" makes it feel like a less serious initiative https://t.co/ZOfs9J14NO
i think we call those nights
oh no - am I doing this wrong?
haha tiny
haha poor taste
oh - so the "sponsored by the Aspartame Sweets Society" statement at the end didn't apply to the whole article?
amazing while warm. But cold churros worse than eating chalk
I am praying for your iPads. May the 2% last for 8 days like in Hanukkah
yup
which is your fave burrito?
or in this case the day the music died?
Gosh - San Francisco must have really pissed off native George Lucas if he first chooses Chicago than LA for museum  https://t.co/RyiZeRTLTz
Is ALL CAPS a sign that you are pissed? ☔️
Last night a Waymo car got right behind me when I was trying to parallel park. I waved it around. Do you think it took human intervention?
https://t.co/kLWTIsZ3Un
wait this is logical
not right now but thank you
they operate their companies too - but yup best in class!
Thinking about buying stocks in some holding companies.  Any suggestions beyond Altaba? Do all holding companies have terrible names?
Can everyone wish a happy birthday? This isn't as cool as 10 years ago when Apple gave him a new phone… https://t.co/p4nJs7MEoQ
Oregon caves are great too
thank you for serving
if we make it back for that Super Bowl rematch... 💪🖖👯👯‍♂️
no need to kick a Detroit fan when he his down. He can celebrate they at least made the playoffs this year.
sorry
butt he caught it!
I think you mean https://t.co/kV70qVTTAE
hoping you get a lump of coal instead of that sugar :)
people are so judgy
no one is Marshawn, but Rawls when healthy has a straight ahead style that is pretty awesome too. Hurt all year...
I am just so happy Rawls is back
at least make that a middle name please!!!!
Odell like
do you lose your phone a lot?
saw your email will take a look later since on the go
I like the new branding for rainstorm: "Atmospheric River". Sounds like disruption. https://t.co/WvAYdMAUCI
don't get me started.....!!!!!!
$20
maybe we should move the doomsday clock closer to midnight
do we know what fucken means?
yeah - I only do the Sands and skip the main convention center
I find myself walking away with a great sense of the trends and the ideas people are putting their time into
haha - i enjoy the sheer mass of all of the products out there
also eureka park is a must visit. So many crazy things - see the VR projected on propellers, countless programmable robots, etc
I only saw Sands. Love the robots. Watch folding laundry and the anthropomorphic ones. And the smart home stuff - becoming real
I went as neutral as I could. Maybe should just be stick figures
maybe you have the gender issues if you assumed those were men
👦➕👦=👨‍❤️‍👨🔜❓‼️⁉️‼️❓
Emoji board decks? 🙈💉🔑📊📈🔀🔂💲💲💱 https://t.co/ChrMFkiM9y
😂😉😚
a #humblereminder ?
hard to replace the impact of walking row after row
nucleus is cool. I wanted to see more art screens for walls. Laundry folding robots look fun
impressive
we are all going to be buying smarter home products in the next couple years
On the other hand it is also pretty stark reminder of competition and what it takes to stand out and find your true customers
CES is amazing. Row after row of amazing products. Reminder that if you have a great idea you can make it. Can't wait to see what sticks!
it is a little bit cultlike. But it is cheering for the company taking it seriously
just trying to help
wait really? Now if the person stands up and says they are a whistleblower then fair point. But leaks hurt morale and trust
idea: stop getting funded?
somewhat - it will happen more. But for a new home you do want some stable technology too
right but we started connecting over ideas!
product has to have intrinsic long term retention still. YY had great mid term retention but didn't get stickier
Thanks to Twitter I had a great in person conversation with someone who it turns out I know his brother and he knows my cousin. Small worlds
huh. I think it is a lot more - it comes with real incentives to want to motivate others to come into the product
proper shortening is MTV.
I remember the moment on the bench but not all the details.  That said I think we have both come a long way ;)
hah nice to see you again
no different than in person.  You will like the New Years resolution I am working up
only for assholes ;)
make homebrew great again
#teamsatya
our few days of awful weather are such a downer here!
https://t.co/T4t5rNno5b
hahaha ok! But i don't think it is nice to ever "give up" on an investment lol
burned out and gave up -- so dark! :)
hanging live is the closest
🤡🤡🤡
but more explicit than implicit
you need the just right porridge
I trust Also - this is a pretty important graph foundation - trust is much stronger than following https://t.co/nu5LXtC082
😂and at least you and I were the only two who believed in a larger groupask Gary who first convinced him on Snap :)
would love to try to or beyond! Only there Thursday and a little weds.  Josh at greylock dot com
I don't really go for the talks - more for private mtgs and a bit of floor wandering
was supposed to Friday but won't be able to unfortunately (funeral in seattle)
Heading to CES this week. we are in a time of transition for our Home IT Budgets. Can't wait to see the latest! https://t.co/VU5biYWNrP
it does. If company does what is expected, value of common shares goes up ask risk falls
agreed
💯
oh yeah - technically yes. So the company has to continue to exceed expectations - certainly true.
thanks Bilal!
so I don't think the high price points are as scary - just depends on the "must have" nature. Esp &lt; $500
clearly is true for smartphones. And the kind of $500-1000/year on new stuff - new TVs, etc has been consistent.
I think the gadget freak "try and buy everything" that we sometimes see here does. But in general I think this is an area...
no. It isn't better than expected. It is just "better". Eg we have to be worth a lot more than we are now
thanks Glenn!
that is different than "investors think we are worth $4b, come get a piece of that value right now!"
why not? The point is "investors believe we can get bigger, join up and be part of it"
I think you have to do the math for the success cases and if you don't get answers, count as zero
the social network move has a nice recap :).  I think they started in feb and were in Palo Alto that summer
no he is totally right! It was a relo
the app and service on peloton is a huge reason for its stickiness.
this is the crux of it. People need to make their own bet on outcome, not be harangued by "these are already worth $$"
yup.  And the search for the next fun new things to adopt and learn
yes - peloton and zwift are bringing group fitness into the home in some really interesting connected ways!
did they finally add the compatibility match test?
love your thoughts and response on medium!
fair enough - definitely a piece of the budget.  Write a response on medium!
do people pay for their own cyber security? Maybe they should?! Agree - comms and entertainment are blended here
it is now my 2017 goal to make Howard pay for something
everyone gets a participation ribbon too.  But that one was actually good ;)
Smart point from Howard.  The challenge right now is we all are building our own filters - and we have filter optio… https://t.co/D3vQkBudRU
you might have just made the best tweet of 2017. You should stop now.
yeah - I worked through this a lot when I joined the companies I did...
there is another whole article for employees on how to evaluate whether you think the company has a chance to be public
yes - lots of people who blogged and were active online already
nah - was broader than that. Bloggers had audiences already and this gave their fans more ways to follow them
going somewhere or just joy riding?
people who blogged and talked in media needed a place to communicate in between "micro blogging"
nah - it wasn't nudes. Just people sharing stuff that went away
great analogy
time for new models and new assumptions.  Great post
if you skip the fake news then you only have to save one or two a day!
wait are you on tv tonight?
don't defer ;)
sorry - by "origination of great ideas" I meant executing to product market fit. Scaling from there is separate challenge
yup.  And was my original point to that origination of great ideas are going to come from many more places than bay
oh totally. It is kinda ridiculous these days. Hard to afford experimenting to product/market fit. A real issue
I agree it is different. But when you scale to a company of 1000 or 2000 people, more options for each role here
I believe for tech talent who have scaled consumer apps before. Many more with experience in Bay Area vs other regions
ah - well I think default assumption is still easier to scale tech up here. But important shift that origination isn't here
founders started and built products in the original locations before relocating. Diff than founders from stanford/goog/fb/etc
sure but houseparty out of Tel Aviv, tribe out of Paris. Invention happening far away even if scaling better here
better than the year starting on a high note going downhill.  🎉to a great year from here buddy :)
Go Seahawks!!! (And thanks Ryan!!!) https://t.co/fDrcKTjMlx
🙌🏻👏🏼
2️⃣0️⃣1️⃣7️⃣🔙🔛🔝🔜
grow up ;)
you may need some machine learning for your preferences
ditto!
strong entry into 2017
👍👊
also makes great deck
👍👊👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
perfect example.
oh it is very different than it used to be. Things that evolve and transform don't necessarily need to be disrupted
unclear - they still monetize best selling actual physical things.
yes - but taxi industry didn't transform or evolve. Expected hailing and maybe light phone summons to be enough
consistent: hands on support for founders new: investors who came in with more operational backgrounds
I am just calling bs on the term "disruptive" and how blithely it gets used in our industry.
greylock has been in business 50+ years -- wouldn't work without transforming itself a few times
but the approach, relationships between investors and founders, practical experience of investors, terms, etc have all changed
yes - idea of investing LPs money into early stage ventures and returning at exit has stayed the same
I think we overuse the word "disruption". Venture invests in meaningful transformative ideas and transforms to accommodate
venture capital today at all stages looks a lot different than 20 years ago.
I call bs on that ;)
at that point I bet Apple still has a nice advantage. And they will cost more ;)
whoa never saw it that way
What?  Your earphones used to have cords? https://t.co/TQFUk69bfC
you see, normally greetings are only to those on my side. But this one is special and goes to everyone I hate and vanquished too.
If you ignore the plots and dialog, the worlds Lucas imagined are still pretty dang cool
cords are going to look so 2016
they must have been referring to a different Gary - right ?  Happy new year all :)
well they still require a computer in your pocket - but makes the whole system more proprietary again
it was a week and a half ago. I would be surprised if they are still there!
wow - strong praise
investment instincts and fashion taste don't necessarily correlate !
or I have less taste - we'll see.  I think this has a chance to be pretty universal - esp with the lack of a headphone jack
https://t.co/W2jSZuFtQe
I have seen them on people - didn't think it was strange.
maybe you have weird ears
I mean they don't fall out easily and you would notice, and then you keep them in the little pocket case.
do you lose headphones that often?
maybe - but I think since it starts with the same time you are wearing headphones vs all the time, it won't be as negative
fair for people who wear real glasses. I think as the AirPods get smaller people will notice less too
have only seen others. Afraid to stick someone else's into my ear to test them!
ah - I think that is the most likely future AI scenario - over glasses
yes - but can get heart rate and other things from ear if/when they can add more sensors
Pondering whether AirPods might be the basis of the mainstream wearables platform Apple was hoping to have with Apple Watch
how very prismatic of you to say that :)
josh at Greylock - but pretty behind on email over holidays!
one part is interacting, another could be sharing stocks they want to see discussed and voting as a community
they are -- going after people who can't get enough finance / tech news. Should start as nichey as possible
didn't work at all until high schools started lighting up for them. Could say Facebook the same too - college by college
yeah - it is hard but can work when it happens.  Snapchat  took that approach, as did Yik Yak (not as sustained) and houseparty
Thinking back to this year's biggest summer hit Pokémon Go https://t.co/K84o1vMkbp
prob next week 🙏🏽
hahaha. Onboarding can get better once you know what topics and lists are good and what to recommend to follow early
I did once.  Was telling someone I was ducking out of a meeting. Of course by that point it autocorrected back...
and such a dreamy pic too!
verified on Reddit yo!
still throwing shade at spotify I see
yup. And observing what they do vs what they say can be very helpful too.
well you should listen to them as input. But not for directions.
oh man, I wish I could edit your tweet. I can't unsee that
you are welcome. I only had to return the favor after you told everyone you wanted to start dressing like me
oh - now they need to let me edit YOUR tweet or you can just go making random claims
yeah - I wonder what twitter's are these days
yup totally agree. What are we debating now?
We were talking about "disrupting policy" not disrupting the core. You can't disrupt policies and still use the platform
sure - but fwiw 3rd party clients were always a very small piece of overall API usage.
what does Amazon do when you disrupt policy?
there are still a good number of 3rd party clients but not like before. And yes rules are enforced.
APIs aren't just code but policy too
but u can delete and repost anyway so why not allow that. Different than thought editing later with replies and likes etc
it will be a short window to fix a typo or whatnot. This seems fine
oh man - my first onboarding designs back in 2009 had a page for finding accounts around you :)
still too soon? 😝
hi!  Josh at Greylock dot com (though currently way behind on email over the holidays!)
love that you are responding :) happy to chat about the model we were prototyping in 2011 from our research back then!
will help you create a much easier onboarding around very personalized topics too. Too difficult for new users to follow accounts 1by1
help people follow by topic instead of just individual accounts. Can use lists as a good proxy - and push best tweets into my timeline
I am pretty sure edit will get done with a short time window. Having to copy/delete tweet/new tweet/paste is so cumbersome!
you should edit that to say popular opinion.  Most people I know totally agree with that position.
well done.  Did an assistant surface that for you?
it takes a lot of time / $$ to train the models for the wake words. So alexa/Siri/google will be our initial agents for a while
I see zero new apps
one of my favorites this year. Also enjoyed The Affinities if you haven't read that yet
have you read Cumulus yet?
So sad for their entire family 😰 https://t.co/XCCBwKEtKR
and if the deal is so obvious - it generally is bid up to a point where it still is contrarian
among the asset class you may find more/less contrarian specific deals but none are obvious
venture investments are by nature contrarian - high beta and looking for exponential gains
oh yes- the latter when prices fall?!
gotta wait until prices fall enough I guess
dammit I'm out
lists could have revolutionized how mainstream users used twitter - follow SFGiants instead of players/reporters
one of my saddest days was getting notified that the servers were being killed. No more list tweets in my timeline :(
and I were building all of this in 2011 ;)
yeah - liquidity might not be until 2025
I am thinking 2020
yeah might be better to be on the few winning companies building for billions of users. But venture will come back. #mvga
someone who is 26 never had to develop film did they?
You had to wait until you finished a roll and *then* got it developed just to see how you looked in the picture https://t.co/TQFUk69bfC
hahahaha you did it
teddy is coming back! https://t.co/AL8pQmBxxw
if someone is committing their time and energy to a company, I like to believe there is a good reason
then it is just a matter of whether I have enough confidence to join up and invest which is rarer
I can't speak for others, but I tend to be pretty optimistic that something *can* work.
yup exactly. And should be overall on top of their projects regardless
it is more like (1) and (1a). You need an excellent product *and* an effective way to get users/customers
agreed!
agree - compelling is how you can paint the detailed picture of the opportunity. Doesn't mean "charisma"
then it can be hard to project forward from just modest product traction
but it is an important filter - if the founder can't be compelling in a room full of people who want to believe...
yes I agree with that. And we do it all the time - and bet on product and traction over "pitch gloss"
so one filter is whether you will be able to recruit great people or partners ahead of your progress
I agree that selling to VCs very different than users. But similar to selling to candidates and potential partners
💯.  But it is different when you have ultimate authority vs when you don't (and act like you do)
yup exactly. Gotta help prioritize what the user stories are, and let design meet them.
this is still better advice than "make it bigger, move it left, make it red".
I think it implies a role authority that PMs don't have. Influence and accountability for sure but not authority.
PM is about collaborating with a team to build great things. But the day to day is often about coordination
product managers are pretentious when they describe themselves as CEO of the product and even moreso when they act like it
product managers are pretentious when they think that other people will be on top of the project management details
I dunno I have been occasionally surprised by its effectiveness and straightforwardness
really?  I use the app all the time and appreciate its simplicity
oh absolutely.  Stepping stones are great. And betaworks is a unique place anyways
yes - but direct experience always trumps indirect
smart. You had 3 real jobs before you stopped doing real work ;)
but they're mostly roles where you support and help others make better decisions. I think wise to get some on field experience 1st
but I am always surprised how many want to start in PM or even VC roles. Ppl may think they are roles of owning decisions...
doesn't need to be as an engineer - can be design, user support / research, marketing, or anything. But part of team first helps
so cool you did this. The key to me is PM is helping a team - so I always suggest being part of a product development team first
looks intriguing - good luck getting it fully launched in a few initial places!
my email is josh at greylock dot com to learn more
I miss u
congrats RJ!
😰 May the force be with you forever. https://t.co/Hgpvwqc0Sk
yummmmmm
hopefully the content wasn't a surprise 😳
I think the goal is making it feel like "anyone can do it" so people will react better to watching
FB can afford to burn a lot here and maybe lose.  Twitter cannot afford fb to win this though.
I agree it is much more natural on twitter. I can't believe FB beat twitter to native integration.yes probably. But I have a giant video button next to marketplace which mostly shows live content too
not really -- most people aren't comfortable on camera with an audience. But live viewing can be big still
it is the first discrete new behavior I think they have wanted to own since messenger - which didn't need ads
yeah - impressive
I don't understand
Incredible thread on Airbnb and opportunities ahead. You can see just how much the company cares about its communit… https://t.co/WUFYyJLXja
it is an important milestone moment for VR regardless
App Store charts aren't just pure download #s but also take velocity into account. Still impressive velocity!
little clusters forming, then connecting, then connecting again and boom
I don't think he knew yet
Wham! - Last Christmas 😰  https://t.co/1BPkf9e0u6
yup except for the new hardware setups
so kewl
yeah - will be interesting to see what adoption Fi gets!
😂😂😂 at least they finally admit it. No innovation there
can I take the under? ;)
totally. And downloads today != usage in a week
right - but it is unclear how many are new users vs just old services on new phones
And many pointed out I missed Alexa / Echo at #4, Google Home at #37 and even GoPro ringing in at #60.  Gadgets+apps ftw
nice job!
yup - I retweeted Jeff where I missed alexa and google home https://t.co/qW7dYOAq4P
thank you! https://t.co/olWTVyRh7k
any of the eight crazy nights
Based on the App Store top charts on Christmas Day, looks like a lot of people got Fitbit (#1), VR (top 30) and eve… https://t.co/1ULIog2TOF
yup - I meant what was their actual innovation this year not catch up!
🤜🤛congratulations!!!
I think they are in fine shape to make android improvements.  I don't appreciate your tone here - not sure why the snark
what tech did you provide?
one of the biggest challenges at scale is edge cases represent meaningful numbers
I never said the word scaling :).  Feels like you are trying to diagnose with platitudes
yup - have seen a few too :).  Also impressed with Ring's approach
quite different - if this were only 1:1 random matching it would be much easier too
"video is video" hah!  Very different techniques depending on speed, latency, network topology
that is fundamentally incorrect here. The issues aren't "scaling". Easy to critique from the peanut gallery
you said trivial.  And group live video chat very different (new) architecture than one to many broadcasting
unless you have scaled a live video service beyond their scale, I wouldn't  claim it is easy :)
So happy to see so many sharing special moments of love and joy with their families today. Merry Christmas and Happy Chanukah!
yeah - and leveraging strengths better.  I meant true innovation - or invention -- not just catching up though. Has been a while
the 49ers are even worse than the Browns now
so excite!
yup - and able to leverage their strengths or even just a lot of capital to muscle into new areas
The Seahawks are great at almost comebacks.  But strengthens the team for the playoffs still to come. Go Hawks!!
I believe a lot of the initial interest came from the brand but it spread wildly beyond that given the behavior
yeah - I meant those weren't the innovations hah!
what I am most excited about is when they become a connected security network across neighborhoods and more
oh yeah. Definitely helped the opening. But lots of adoption independent of that
sorry - that was my point! Lots of "catch up" but no innovations from them
seems derivative so far - but now they have a good baseline
well then those will be next year's innovations after this year of catch up!
honestly I wouldn't call any of those versions innovative either. Pretty close to the original versions
works much better than it used to!. But yeah it has scaled quite quickly and a lot to improve here
ROI in the form of home runs
doesn't matter about long term engagement. Was such an impressive phenomenon and hint of what may come
cool - scaled video isn't the basics, but lots to come here
always thinking about what is coming next.
a VC firm with some pretty awesome resources for new companies
had less to do with Pokémon and more to do with this cool new thing you could do with your phone
wordsmithing. No need for that :)
sure. Real usefulness all that matters in the long run. I haven't heard many who got the Nest cam to see that yet - but I'm hopeful!!
why not?
To me the biggest mainstream wow moment this year was Pokémon Go. While it was more of a short term phenomenon, amazing new mobile behavior
yeah - huge opportunities
And a lot of the biggest and most interesting ideas - VR, self driving, drones for delivery or internet are all coming but not mainstream
It feels like of the big companies Amazon and Snapchat are pushing the most innovative new ideas (Echo/Dash/specs/stories)
I agree 100% with what you just said. I was asking for the more jawdropping things. But this is a great step forward for Dropcam line
I invested in SmartThings - very much a believer in the category and the opportunity around new security.
of smaller companies this year I have been impressed by Niantic/PokemonGo, Tinder's monetization, and a bunch of video apps
ring is doing at least as much here
totally. Snap and Amazon have launched the most innovative new products the last couple of years of the bigger companies
don't forget meerkat launched even before periscope.
still seems more iterative than truly groundbreaking. And if the best comes from Nest which is a side business for google.....
yikes - if those are the most innovative things we have a long way to go
and that was other people - they can't even take credit there!
Yeah - good execution on all of these. But none showed revolutionary thinking https://t.co/6XgNp9Rr37
yeah that was my point! None of those were innovations!
yeah - but weren't there already a bunch of outdoor cameras? This doesn't feel that revolutionary - though agree is nice
yeah - that is cool. A smart ploy to get data sets from everyone else too! No innovation for consumers though?
Facebook and Google released a lot of great products this year. Google Home, Instagram stories, FB live. What was their biggest innovation?
I get reminded to open Ever a lot more on my iPhone. And flipbooks are great.
google photos is great as a repository.  Ever does a much better job making you feel connected with photos
dammit - I thought a girl was really talking about me!
was that you Daniel?
I too am going up against Jordy Nelson. Very stressed right now
love crazy things. Only challenge is stage and timing :)
Many great companies in here!  https://t.co/pXqvE6ppIY
MG - don't blow your second chance on another hair dryer!
I love the subtweet to here.  Merry Christmas!
you should sell this as a tree topper.  Would be a best seller
true, but before the past few months......  and it hasn't been particularly innovative yet
yeah - it really is demographics at this point
they don't necessarily want you to have a bigger social graph, just a deep one
groups have spiced things up a little for me but we will see
the reporters are talking about IPO way more than the team is
of course
michael Winslow is the best
he was so great in police academy series.  Talk about movies that need a remake!
I love this new sneaky feature. Had been asking for it since I first used Houseparty. My idea was crappier… https://t.co/lhTOpMNH1W
Funny tweet 😂 https://t.co/EbbY9gYiCM
also isn't this what friendship is all about?
and might end up the real star of the Braintree acquisition for PayPal
yeah this would be guest list controlled.  "Application process"
i think those are still up for grabs - even limited selection. Different than starting with a fixed guest list
done and announced may not be in sync here given everyone seems to be on vacation
it feels like it should depend on whether the initial invitations were up for grabs vs specifically distributed
https://t.co/G9mWRQhdQ1
Every day starts getting a little longer. Make the most of the daylight. More light, less dark = my big hope for 2017
just clicked the 😳reaction
idle time. Or find a kid and hand them your phone and $20
click on the i on each pass and click remove pass. Painful but doable
incredible cap to the year.  ❤
exactly. Unless you can somehow get a proprietary data set o
"build it and they will come"
startups create new behaviors which create new data which then create new learning
I heard they eloped already
just standard Matt awesomeness
https://t.co/Yey4qVUNVH
I hadn't thought about the parallels in a while - long term project alignment makes total sense
Mazzeo dropping knowledge
bankers?
I wonder the projects have different durations which makes it tough.
love this!
Watch out above!  https://t.co/t4YF43vfRu
I have been afraid to upgrade until Airpods
needs two more intertwined cords!
nice article Austin!
I am so excited to welcome (back) Josh to Greylock.  Looking forward to working together as partners and friends! https://t.co/JR4n6R1sCv
perfect emoji use. No one would skip the playoffs. But a random sponsored bowl out of 40 so long after the season? Why go.
best hardware setup experience I have had in a long time. Google Home quite good as well.
try  - best talk I heard at an event recently was his on bio and aging
wait what was the answer here? how did you eat it?
yup throwing shade
caught in a landslide, no escape from reality
or is this just fantasy?
Abdur - wasn't this Top Tweets?
i wear my sunglasses at night
or I am just old enough to remember the commercials
or just use this: https://t.co/pfLZYpJ9Sc
I dunno - I was kind of looking forward to Christopher Reeve in Superman meets X-Men
yeah we looked it up afterwards
brilliant.  Started multiple times but couldn't get into that book enough to keep going
happy for us to come over and mess up your house!
absolutely smoothest. And fun. it is an issue with field of view capture!
All of my first snaps show how messy my house is. Usually can carefully crop that out when I take a photo.
I thought his dad was Boba Fett?
you didn't catch Finn's dad in a cameo on Jedha?
not seeing it even at our spam catcher level.  Try from your gmail account. Josh at greylock dot com
I think the only thread was just to keep the wallets flowing in the in between year
kinda like a good palate cleanser
but it came right before IV. I kinda loved that it was a separate story from what I expect from Kylo Ren
you probably are upset you didn't get your Jar Jar cameo too
such a tease https://t.co/NAhnpp8mjo
almost a decade into this now -- you were a pioneering bobber and weaver
well but um vice has high margins? Or um well um
the big question is always sender control vs recipient control. Eg can I buzz your phone.  DAU hacks never work 🤗
the real challenge is we want notifications based on people and urgency, not just by app
yup - another channel getting overloaded.  But it isn't a growth hack as much as a way of working. Like SMS.
please make a listicle
well if you pick for a specific meal - even if they have trouble using it - they will appreciate you imagining them dining well
right - the thought you put into gift selection
it's the thought that counts?
😒we have fairly aggressive spam filters.  Try from a different email?
happy to take a look. Josh at greylock dot com
was a new feature for Uber where it tries to match you to a driver even if they are coming to drop someone nearby
got it! I didn't appreciate the wait time. Lyft ended up faster!
got it. Didn't expect that and wasn't used to tracking anything but their distance from me. Is safe to accept while driving?
it is ok - the app took care of it smoothly - cancellation , etc. the new stacking surprised me
oh no sorry! SF pedestrian life so dangerous!
I also don't love them on phone while driving!
not sure if it changed or I just saw it close and thought it would surprise me as faster until it wasn't
? I am not involved with the company. Apologies and good luck!
good feature in theory - Eg get a driver who will be nearby very soon. But would rather not see them go by
the app said that!
congrats!
oh you have seen it!
well he wins but the electoral college still votes him out
very decisive
dark
Didn't realize this was now a thing.  Wait times getting longer and longer. Maybe just South Bay though? 🤔
Ordered an today - the car looked really close.  Then it drove right by. Said "dropping someone else off first". Canceled for Lyft.
yeah - I felt so bad when I got that intro
secret libraries in hard to reach places are usually good security by obscurity. But maybe a guard or two
it is so good
write about skiing and what it proves to you about the lack of climate change
try an too -- from a buddy of mine
both for the upside and the downside
photos without anything extra just seem so 2016
you do need to invest in some user education - videos, marketing to get some to try it and spread it
I think private or personal utility products may not benefit from the same strategy as more social / game products
make products grow faster and more broadly and be accessible to everyone.
I don't think that is the intention of this at all. I think designing for a new way of sharing and learning can...📱🦃🐥🐔 https://t.co/hr1aQeGr91
just sent it to you ephemerally
once you get in, never get out
such a great post Scott.  Also applies to timing building and launching to users and being the right time for them
Goodbye Mr. Seaver 😥 https://t.co/NBH8Ffm4Qw
shoot me a note josh at greylock.  Can hang in Jan!
our office is in the same building
Nice overview of product market fit - fun to share comments alongside from https://t.co/tQm3qvxWNX
did you add the chest hair filter?
is this like saying "brothers and sister's I have none, but that man's father is my father's son"?
think we could hire some folks from to help us?
nice.  Post a story about it on ?
what were you vending?
you never know what the evening can become
Santa Clara too far for most fair weather fans
So excited for Rogue One now! https://t.co/iJD3DecdSe
email - josh at greylock - but I am way behind... :(
where do I report this for bullying?
voice control.  They added a special mode for screaming kids that starts playing calming sounds while avoiding the movie
if time is money can you give time back too?
oh you 3!
sure - it evolved to be a little easier over time. Responded here: https://t.co/deHeOgddIi
thank you!  A lot of this is based on being around these products quite early and how they evolved
good question!
hah! He saw it well before I did, though it was easy to trust him to push it forward
thanks - great post.  All credit to and team for seeing this and making it happen
the numbers are pretty good though ;)
very consistent anecdotal evidence. And some private survey results which shows strong affinity
product driven founders with unique insights about why the world is, and where it can go. Clusters of traction help too.
I don't think it is unintuitive now, and the user base that uses it talks about it with love and excitement
it is cool to show someone how to do something you didn't know was possible
but these grew in part because of the way people talk about and share them. And the interfaces encourage that
and I agree with your point that just having an inscrutable UI for the point of having one doesn't help
snapchat wasn't as unintuitive as everyone suggests. Neither is HouseParty. Esp for the basics - snap or chat.
but I think we put too much weight in the past on hard to discover how to do something vs easy to share + remember
I don't want to excuse clunky design either. Hard to discover is different than hard to use / hard to remember.
it is easy to make excuses like "worked because it is popular" or "worked because of the platform"
this is being used in a lot of mobile experiences. For example emoji spread this way, imessage and force touch
so cool Chris!!
yes though for some reason I still have a lot of uploading troubles :(
Sitting at home on a quiet Friday dipping into other friend's lives - some at home some at holiday parties. Quality evening.
Gamer chat app hits 25 million users, can now be used in developers’ own games  https://t.co/KkiAv4SJqd
when it actually costs money to print the physical item, the effort to choose the right things increases
https://t.co/6UTGEMpBKb
.@lpolovets and I used to work on features together at LinkedIn back in 2004. Celebrating its next play with Micros… https://t.co/nUly1ntSg4
you get a waiver if you use a coupon I think?
only if you upgrade to one day shipping
have a wonderful birthday! https://t.co/yZQcfm2EsL
great statement!  lonely in public, but sometimes the most fun with the teams.
an incredible journey - started over a year ago!
there was way too much opportunity ahead in live and learning with the team to do that!
Nice to see new tools for people to make real money by being creative. -  /cc  https://t.co/l012TqXSP8
thanks Cindy!
Proud of and for what they have done over the past year. I remember the tough board mtg vividly https://t.co/a83YSSm067
everyone was waiting for you to start
The mission of LinkedIn is far from complete. can't wait to see what the team does now as part of Microsoft https://t.co/xacryq17cC
agree 100%
the story I have heard from the company is the bullying and reaction was primary cause
yup.  And YY did not evolve as many thought it could have
why then?
well it didn't die because of bullying like Formspring did, but yes Josh called it this time!
first full time- software developer at RealNetworks. Yes, I shipped plenty of code ;)
totally!!
hah correct. Thanks for fixing?
yes - lots to cover here. Though for most people, the hook and usage of LinkedIn was to "be found" for the right opp. Passive.
Rolodex isn't for messaging - just a directory anyway!
and yeah - lots of reasons.
for the popularity per se, but I do think it had an impact on how the product spread
there were a few other exploding messages apps at similar time. I don't think the UI was responsible
the strategy played out incredibly well
My favorite tag lines for LinkedIn: "Relationships Matter" and "The only Rolodex you will ever need". We couldn't use the latter - copyright
LinkedIn was the second full time job I had. Hard to believe it is the first company I worked at that is no longer independent!
Going through this, esp 2004-2005, brought back such great memories. Congratulations https://t.co/eD07zqX4tg (2m pic my favorite)
yeah - the navigation up and down and sideways isn't very rememberable. I am impressed how well she does know the app
access every time you want to do something going forward *even* if it wasn’t obvious at first. I think that matters most fwiw.
At one point i was referring to this as “rememberable design”. Because i think the real key is how easy it is to remember and
are another example where it takes learning once to use force touch on this and then it’s easy to access and powerful.
sure snapchat has added some explainers. Still plenty non-obvious that I can point to that are shareable. iMessage effects
if you asked “how?” you’d get a quick answer and easy to remember. it’s also faster than having a separate button for video
one that was very special is push and hold for video. Not discoverable, but easy to remember. once you saw someone with a video
interface. What I’m more excited about are the things that are easy to learn and remember vs those that are hard to remember.
I think a big part of Snapchat’s early success was the sense of a special club, and part of that was it’s lack of traditional
it’s unintuitive to not reply on Medium :) but will add some thoughts here!
what features were harder to remember?
or better - when you want to do something and don’t know how, your friends reveal it to you
Love seeing this explainer on Musical.ly -- it's amazing to see how creative people are and what they make https://t.co/La39PCqmOs via
love the honesty and shifts in your model here!
thx Adam!
thanks Michael!
sure - but the point of my post is it is ok to design things that are easy to remember even if hard to discover
incredible
the point of my post was it doesn't have to be intuitive. if you show someone and they forget, not good though. Hence my Q
oh no! I guess it isn't all as memorable as I would haven hoped then! What doesn't she remember after you show her?
yeah - after having similar conversations with a lot more really smart people, thought I would try to write it down
likewise!
or just not shareable enough ;)
beautiful! Congrats on shipping!
right - my other thought is this helps create the community feeling of getting each other into the secret club
part of something being cool is it feeling unique though
old men
snapchat DAU growth?  ;). Agree I think a lot more analysis to dig into here
agree with that completely. That is part of what mobile and direct manipulation enable too
yes that is the goal. But it doesn't imply a cluttered navigation to make everything obvious to first timers
Been talking to lots of people about why mobile design is different and how apps like and work https://t.co/ldpOq2WIv9
congrats - zone defense time!
congrats Anil!
somersaults
no true laziness is no longer changing
Love this interview with Dan! https://t.co/vZX7DweCdz
has to be intentional
congratulations!
Halfway through this feels more like a Saturday Night Live spoof of a tech commercial than a real thing https://t.co/i6319agP1U
thank you!
except for Earl 😰
omg this would have been perfect 30 hours ago. Can't wait until next time
a fave on this tweet is not because it is a favorite tweet but to send ❤️ your way
ahhh good to know.  We stopped in Los Olivos and couldn't find bread, only wine. Now we know!
“The truth about what motivates you at work” by https://t.co/JUjHgPiHQp
we stop a lot. But I think 7-8 hours total if you time it right. Very little traffic we encountered this weekend
can't wait to come back next time I visit New York.  And for more songs to be released
If you are into musicals, this season's new amazing show is Just opened. Got lucky to see it in May - tears throughout
so happy to see a healthy Thomas Rawls. His ability to balance and keep going is incredible
stayed in Pismo - a beautiful evening and morning.  And lunch in Paso Robles today. So much better than the 5
Drove from Bay Area to San Diego and back this week. I forgot how much nicer the 101 route is - especially since we stop halfway anyways.
fake news? Or real?
kinda like being at a real house party sometimes!
in a good way or a post fad it stopped being cool way?
Pismo
Butterflies! https://t.co/GW7TnV9pG1
they just need a way to keep things going for further conversation. 1 min is a great starter.  Heading home from Pismo today
great question! Coulda gone on for even longer :)
it has been fun to see lots of people using it and spending a lot of time making new friends
😜
why you think I don't have data points?
u r old
Pretty soon having only the blue presence dot on your snapchat instead of your bitmoji is going to feel like being green in iMessage
❤️🤓👊
crazy right?  Same with first cars. Should be a Facebook profile badge if you did it yourself
have listened to both versions of Dear Theodosia about 30 times today. And it's quiet uptown
yeah good question! Hopefully lots of room for expansion
yeah - I broadly agree with your point. Isn't only about traction - we take product and market risk too, but more often w/ experience
I like a lot of the stories (I read some of that stuff anyway), and the format makes it pretty addictive
fair enough - but those were also smaller checks ($1-2m). Which seed ecosystem now does very well.
see above in thread.  And several still in stealth!
but with discovery fund - we participate in rounds led by others rather than lead
we certainly do with discovery fund. For venture rounds - it more likely is someone with unique experience for space
jelly, operator, one more stealth at venture level. Lots of discovery fund. At greylock we do a lot of pre launch rounds
done a few!
though what he assumes is unconventional is what I hope all the smart companies are doing
so good right?
congrats!
then it is working! Unless they all don't do any work :)
the earliest ones certainly will.  FB was a $100b company at IPO though - lots more to go around
someone needs to make a service so it is easier to share a link! I preordered on iTunes - oldskool
if you don't make it to a year that is likely on you. Execs are too.
I am glad you put "stuck" in quotes. Very little sympathy for people who stay for millions and work at scale;)
yeah - and if a company incentivizes staying, I have no problem with that!
as someone who didn't work that long at a few startups I benefited from 25/25. But back loaded works great for people who stay
plenty of happy people there too. People who leave complain more. True everywhere
they give larger grants and people who are loyal and stay through earn more stock than in a standard plan
tax burden doesn't change - only impact on exercise
why? It allows them to give bigger grants and incentivizes people to stick around
This is so much better than when I graduated!  And yeah the stock in snapchat offer makes it most compelling by far https://t.co/e4mnIxKWiR
hottake!
they may have done just that. Putting something in App Store is the easiest way to test something
I don't get the arguing with experimentation and repackaging of things they built
you say this like it is bad - sometimes the funniest things work in consumer apps. All around same core idea
shhhh
I remember guys and dolls as my first favorite!
nah - I don't think they were easy pot shots. They were fair skepticism about someone hired to lead product direction
I am still hopeful Twitter can be relevant to 1B people. It should be. I was hoping I had helped get it on that trajectory :(
and so we have gut reactions on both sides - yay great outsider hero can save it vs boo doesn't understand product will ruin it
what saddens me is now Twitter feels more like a turnaround instead of a product that needs to evolve more gracefully
but it does raise questions about how curious and instinctive someone will be about the platform if they haven't grown with it
the lack of engagement on twitter doesn't mean he can't be a great product leader and insightful guide for where Twitter should go
I thought the skepticism was totally fair. More about twitter's challenges and history than anything about Keith.
used to get mocked for musicals when sharing my iTunes library ;)
huh - I didn't know being a fan of musicals (not just a Hamilton adopter) had anything to do with my career paths :)
TFW when you wake up and can't go back to sleep until you listen to the entire Hamilton Mixtape which became available at midnight
congrats!!! Only 11% of troll votes - means auspicious things ahead!
where is the muscle tank he normally wears?
.@adamac forget wearables. Maybe injectables should be the new Intel Inside?
post seed is what happens when you can't quite raise an A but should be soon. Bullpen is great for getting over that hump
Happy for and the lucky founders who get to partner with them https://t.co/ysWGv7yRQj
I was pretty clearly replying to Ram's tweet. Well if the tweet reply hierarchy was working properly. Maybe VP product can fix?
this tweet is absolutely positively incredible
inside. My body doesn't agree sometimes ;)
check out my medium account - I have written a bunch more there!
I am pretty hooked on https://t.co/IjSYKW6Yqb
congrats to you too for an auspicious beginning
Product Hunt + AngelList✌️😸 – excited to see team up with for more great services for startups https://t.co/TFEUGUc4Al
yeah - we had a lot of ideas on new modules and streams of content, and different interactions. Still hoping!
there have been many good changes to the timelines, pictures and video, and notifications. But the graph needs to change too
congrats Harry!I love challenges connected with upside
if it comes with stock I'm in!
ooh a series A board seat is still available?
congrats on the progress of opendoor. Can't wait until you open Palo Alto market :)
European tech start-ups are on for a record year and US investors want in https://t.co/yAlkr8JwYr
Ali's first post is so good, I can't wait for the next. Must read this https://t.co/C8OhNEdfKC
Proud of my friend for sharing her personal story of dealing with postpartum struggles https://t.co/CHQFExm2wD
or well maybe it is too much crowdsourced learning
snap is all about fun. Would have been interesting to see games as snaps
Facebook Messenger Games launch is 👌.  Snapchat should have done this first (like the other things!)
depends if your kids grandma can download an iPhone app. Mine can 😉
you can push photos from your phone to grandma on Aura. I just sent one - hope they can set it up
The Chinese consumer market is quite big https://t.co/XkqekNaZ8K
yeah - the difference of a demo mode and experience vs actually living with a device. love my Aura experience
that is pretty pessimistic. I think it depends on the support and initiative they get to lead within CNN
shoulda said "conjunctions pointless"!
Have been re-reading emails I sent from my iPhone and keep randomly leaving out words. Eg "If talk to him" autocorrect? Or slow typing?
yes - you, me, and Vin Diesil
https://t.co/Y3i4Y6MpBP
I don't see enough bone there. True men would go all the way to the bone
the first half of this tweet sounded very VC of you.  The second half not so much
can set you up our office if nec
The word Cyber reminds me of the quaint old time we had better software and bandwidth at work than at home.
congrats Matt and Casey!
would have been a better homage if it had been looking up out of a periscope
Seahawks and all of my fantasy teams clearly had too much turkey and weren't ready for football today. On to next week
westworld but no chill
so you are saying you like it but you don't like like it?
you might be underestimating the delight of this change (or frustration at a western globe)
but I wouldn't be concerned if someone decided to implement it either since subtle details matter
no - but that is because I encourage startups to ensure a core audience before expanding globally
and I think you can't ruthlessly prioritize everything for "measured impact"
I believe this was originally done on someone's spare time. Sentiment increase when people noticed
such a phisherman
wait what? The library of congress just shed tears for losing the annals of hunter walk
I still remember our table
they are in the "can do no wrong" part of the hype cycle
First time I have read a book on Would do again!  "Uncommon Stock" by https://t.co/Ij9MOosjJ6
you play the game of footsie under the table like the couple depicted at your business dinners?
they won't be jaded with having tried everything before. Time for innovative solutions!
amazing.  But Maccabees?
retaining shape is so key
cranberry sauce in the shape of the can
My single favorite thanksgiving dish https://t.co/A15YNDmZuk
❤️💛💚💙💜
or someone just told Kevin this when he was a kid and he has believed it all this time
if you miss the first two seconds you can really speed up over the next 8 to make it work
you have to press them 7 times within 2 seconds and it will trigger red lights and walk sign for you instantly
thankful for our friendship and the more we can do in the coming years!
Thankful for the people I get to live and share life with and to work and build great things with. How lucky we are to be alive right now.
movin on up
Apple has done a decent job
but it makes money for Facebook. Shareholders are happy!
mfbt
I always like advice around finding your tribe and sticking with it. Great for career and for life.  https://t.co/zUd7ElFQKj
I meant more the whole confirming presence of a censorship tool
Thanksgiving week bad news drop? What else is coming out today? https://t.co/Zb2w0ZJOLH
“I found it interesting that when I went to read Zuckerberg’s post about misinformation, there were…” by https://t.co/zhBhE1QQeJ
nah, just wanted to remove that one pesky file. Twitter should support unix.
rm -f Aaron's account
did we talk about the size of your hands yet?
Joe did it first
when Joe goes low, I go high
hmm.  Can't get signal in my house. rebooted everything and no changes.
outages in mountain view right now?
so sorry Danielle. May you be forever comforted by the memories of the great life you and he shared
bringing the gang back together?
great article but felt like fake news when that one dude got quoted
Want To Predict A Presidential Election Accurately? Hear People.  https://t.co/l4KGuf3Erc via
"antitrust law has shifted...from principally protecting competition to principally protecting consumers"  https://t.co/dACqXU61Sc
always carry stinky cheese in your bag as a potential snack
I think this one is real. And sad.
And by the way - we are hiring!! https://t.co/rbjJkFn2uq https://t.co/EmT4swCa25
Really happy to see what and the entire team have been able to accomplish over the past year https://t.co/prFStkZN7q
uh oh - is this like a career achievement award?
the hardest part is getting a giant user base you can bring ideas to!
you can pay for the AMEX or airline club and they have showers
The quality of new features shows how damn talented the instagram team is. I can't wait to see them innovate again. https://t.co/R8BNEYHwi6
almost felt bad after that one.  Except such a beautiful play
yeah but eliminated from Marin and north bay
https://t.co/vISvEN98tr
my most engagement in a while. Your response is just Sad!
oh thank you. I had no idea! #politicallycorrected
Great responses here. the number of ways to say you are laughing out loud in internet slang is more than ways to sa… https://t.co/UDlavGl9Os
Starting to see a bunch of stories in my Snapchat.  Guys: watch be careful where your eyes stare, it's obvious!
“Business Is Not War. Let’s Stop Talking Like It Is.” by https://t.co/uKYApbupBz
actulol!!!
done
let's make llol a thing
love this one
is that the only feed you could find to get your wrestling fix?
Since "lol" is now something we write when we thought something was a little funny, what do you write when you literally laugh out loud?
you just made me laugh out loud. Also phenomenal musical.
In spite of the fact this entire twitter / news cycle is just stupid, this tweet is really funny https://t.co/qhCzTNvzWs
gonna go after all the ones not listed.  Good point!
haven't seen it
Misdirection is a powerful thing https://t.co/vGp2tcOuGK
https://t.co/yKEsv1BIc2
dammit that's why you never reply!
is there an analogy around living by the light of 1000 iPhones slowly losing their charge bit by bit
ah great. Just reminds me I am drinking chemicals
ah Aspartame!
If a something you are drinking says "Phenylketonurics: contains phenylalanine" that just can't be good right?
I optimize my schedule pretty carefully to support our companies, find new investments, and serendipity
oh I don't take stupid meetings either. Just a lot of them 🤔
I have become that person whose schedule is so awkward that “let’s meet in December” makes it sound soon.  :(
.@ev on data driven content - "whenever there is a car crash, everyone looks. That doesn't mean we want more car crashes"
“A More Colorful You” by on new profile features in  https://t.co/2pjVpPzVeM
Had a fun conversation at #websummit2016 with on today's investment climate https://t.co/NwLgxBaMxt
so fun to relive those days
Computer? computer?  Oh, how quaint
one of my favorite movies ever
ouch ;)
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Does anyone know how much you can get paid writing fake news? Asking for a friend
https://t.co/0kFPijnrKz
yes - the trolls are adapting fast and we have to adapt faster to fight them
not necessarily - just that we have learned the norm's
new norms will happen. Trolls always move faster in the short run
there was once I went 5 different times because someone had trouble making a list and then had to do an exchange
FINAL_FINAL_v4.1
I think the discussion on fake news is important. But I am wondering if we should also be having this at the supermarket checkout stand?
true but the last part of the article invoked a lot more questions around filter bubble than killing fake news
Great discussion on a sticky topic. It is hard to force people to seek out other viewpoints. And also to discuss ra… https://t.co/JwyR8cTpYl
your question about fake news on 🐳is the first I have been wholly unable to answer in just a minute. Long important topic
try Altra
did he mention saving mine?
congrats! 👊👊👊
thank you Greg!
One of my favorite days of the year: #productSF: we hosted 150 product builders for a day talking products.  https://t.co/bQ3WxczR6S
awesome - congrats!!!
not sure why you copied me - I am not involved in the company. But good luck resolving your complaint?
Looks like might make it through the trough of disillusionment into a scaled business. And clean homes https://t.co/WYIpuGSLak
congrats all!!!
back with a vengeance
Go Seahawks!!! Great victory tonight against a stellar Patriots team.
he was also holding. Very reasonable nocall
them and the patriots always come down to the goal line. Damn. Great win though!  Heart is finally slowing down
got it. you prefer vomiting rainbows to hate speech
U2 https://t.co/SP5UtVkQDc
extreme personalization?
#notahoax
woo hoo glad I made it!
nah - south bay is always like this in the fall :).  But next few years may be a lot of climate change
70+ degrees in November 😎-time to start being more thankful for the little things I guess
so good
might be a founder no?
snap or it didn't happen
whoa you got there fast
I will take the "over" on a few thousand. They have a lot to prove but this is a pretty good beginning
please buy two
Big Sur Traffic Jams today https://t.co/9W9dRYPHQX
maybe - but this understanding has helped brands like Nike and Apple stay on the edge of cool for a long time
This morning's hype about where will show up shows why understands consumers better than any comp… https://t.co/e3fktvQOaT
Leavenworth WA
😉
can we please stop with the tweet from one person means all of Silicon Valley is for or against something?
damn!
not at the moment
ah got it. Yeah with my connection i can imagine tripping that
I think my upload speed at home sux
can't wait. Would have been really helpful to get through this week and whole elections
there were so many important and great conversations in there - I hope you can enable those without the unwanted ones
Angelist has a fantastic list and model to get in front of the earliest of investors
well did you mean it as a term of endearment? Jeez
I am sorry you decided to throw out an insult. And I apologize for engaging. Your idea has merit. I hope you find great partners
sorry, but not lame at all. Idea is intriguing. But just a matter of stage. Lots of great investors at earliest and seed stages
I have looked at yours based on the info you sent. It is intriguing. But we invest at Series A and B so we look for some traction
🐳 Ask me anything: https://t.co/trETMpwvPY #AskWhale
I don't think the verbal behavior of a president has ever been this far from something we want to model for kids
there aren't great wish lists I know of, but product hunt is a great way to see what is coming every day.
well by default a lot of people - kids especially - look up to the president.
yes but many young kids will look up just because he is president and we will have to force hard discussions
by default a lot of kids and others ascribe a lot of value to the person who is in president role.
gun control (or lack thereof), immigration / jobs overseas, too much spent on healthcare — all of it
correct. but by default too many people will since he has earned role of president
policy and "change" kinda same thing
yup but it gets assumed by default by kids
fwiw i disagree on any stress about popular vs electoral vote. It is part of what holds our union of states together.
like how to make sure we don't see his behavior as a role model or at all representative of what is ok
my privilege? by default a president gets looked up to by kids. I am struggling with how to discuss this now.
fair enough. And we need to make it universal
fair enough.  Just hard to condone any of that behavior.Anyway my favorite quote from this whole election is still "when they go low, we go high". I hope this becomes standard behavior now
I think the behavior Trump modeled in verbal attacks is even tougher than others. If anyone goes low just go high
I dunno. Based on the rules out there this was pretty decisive. I expected either a Hillary landslide or a Brexit style Trump win
Great point. And yet we keep doing it because these are the public figures who we see a lot in our lives. Still a b… https://t.co/Ep8UvAr8OE
seriously - let’s move on and be civil. The election season was rough. No need to escalate anymore. Time to heal
sorry I wasn’t clear. i’m not sure why you included the link to electoral college. It’s irrelevant to what I was saying.
the reason Trump won is not the electoral college. I mean it was close regardless.
i think they prioritized policy and focus over the personal behavior and believed that would be ok
i think we have to be careful to separate political / war decisions from direct insults of others
not what i’ve seen with the way kids look up to obama, used to to Bush, etc
totally right. Lots of bad behavior / adultery there. Though he didn’t attack others verbally and abusively.
But I think we are going to have to learn to separate the importance of the role from any behavior behind it. We must remain a civil world
It’s hard because by default we look up to our president. He has such an important position, is featured in books and schools.
Spot on. Thanks for saying it this way. https://t.co/H0xTAFmB3V
On policy work, we can have plenty of debates and I know people see multiple sides. But I just don’t want any of the bullying to become ok
It has been a long and fascinating week. The thing I’m still struggling with most is how to talk about our president elect as a role model.
only 3.  that is also fewer tech people than it takes to change a lightbulb since you need to upgrade the OS too
 they should set up special chat rooms to discuss this live and then for hours after to drive tune in
nationalizing companies? Reclaiming land or wealth? I don't know. Just that if this one doesn't work it can get worse
Best response yet to my post on virality: “Funny that nothing goes viral in healthcare..except” by https://t.co/NAvwuwQ0sz
is congratsbot getting a little chirpy? https://t.co/h5GPrpE7h8
so it is nearly impossible to buy a frozen pizza that has gluten, dairy, and meat these days. Under 10%
revolucion?
This is a really big deal for how media will flow on Facebook. CrowdTangle is an excellent tool https://t.co/kxb1OR1Zyw
Beautiful understanding of the challenges on both sides from daughter. Thank you  https://t.co/okN1E0UnjF https://t.co/5M1C7GVgJw
if only one of your startups was working on airplanes that are always on time!
great event! Very sorry to miss you tonight :(
TIL it takes an airplane 35 minutes to reboot when the walkway accidentally disconnects it from power
the point of a democracy is getting behind the winner and supporting the best interests of the country. And then voting again.
And I am a little nervous to see the friends and country I am coming back to. Many folks are a little shaken. But time for healing I hope
That said - it was tough to be away from the US and be up super late on election night with friends and filtered through CNN/Twitter
I also just really enjoyed the city of Lisbon and can't wait to come back as a tourist and see what I missed when conferencing.
There is so much energy and invention going on, it is infectious. Met many great entrepreneurs here and a strong new investor base
Leaving Lisbon this morning after a few amazing days at #WebSummit. Impressive to see bring 50,000+ people together for tech
Adam Bain is one of the biggest reasons twitter grew to such a large business. And he always did it the right way.… https://t.co/NlKKu7UVFt
About to go on this stage with , cofounder of and talk about the future of communities https://t.co/UuiEx5CeRN
technology and innovation will continue. But perhaps with an even broader understanding of the disenfranchised
The only hope is that Make America Great Again is an actual plan rather than a slogan. There is a lot to do to make our country stronger.
Interesting conservative perspective https://t.co/fHDH7hq4VR
Twitter has been incredible during this election season. How will it be in 2020?
maybe you can sell more newspapers now they will have additional uses?
me too
I really hope tomorrow is the first day of a healing America.
I am afraid to upgrade anything now given how set up all my cord stations are
some session triggered it
how did you get it?
I have never seen one on my iPhone. I don't know what I clicked to trigger this - can't think of anything
kind of scary how it gets into my phone
I wanted to see what would happen!
Android is starting to remind me of Windows
But I am baffled at how that page even loaded and what I did before, and it makes me more nervous than less about Android security
I am not surprised at all of course and wouldn't have gone through. And who wins an iPhone 7 from Google anyway.
I won an iPhone 7.  I clicked through to the next page and then got a big chrome warning that the next page may be insecure
I just opened the browser in my Google Pixel phone. It went into a cool "spin the wheel and get a google play prize" page. I spun...
nope not true at all! In fact I think I have backed quite a few of them
exactly! We have an entire drawer full of them :)
Fixed a kitchen sink clog with a chopstick. Felt like Macgyver.
https://t.co/3kcgK5NdZU is a post I wrote on mobile
sure but I would love to see something like google's forces reigning down on amazon east.
SQUIRREL https://t.co/3vjis8ajwr
you guys should open a platform for this. Would be awesome
😂😂😂
ouch on the question ;)
"google drones have just dropped bombs on Amazon east data center. 1 million virtual machines have been silenced"
start writing!
yeah - but bombing data centers would just be so fascinating to read about and about the aftermath
I meant like real war with guns and armies. Blowing up each other's cars etc
Fictional story I would be interested to read: major internet companies at war bombing each other's data centers, cutting cables, and spies
so sorry. Tons of support and cheering as you crush this
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
hahahaha
just tell drake to shut up
thank you 👊
don't pat yourself on the back too hard or you might break it.  But yay!!!
have I ever seen you two in the same place? 🤔
but you are right - the bulls did a great job having a strong big enforcer who always looked 😳 when he touched the ball on offense
maybe they need a Benoit Benjamin
you realize you just asked for Luc Longley
best is 10am/1pm.  Otherwise it is confusing
adding - the no star dream may be finally here!
yes yes they do!! And doh I might still owe you an email (crazy week but on my list)
assistant is on the way. still more me learning it than it learning me. What will the next buzzword be? Social-&gt;mobile-&gt;AI-&gt;?
it is the thought that counts - when you set up the rule
yup.
right. My point was people talk about these as AI already but they are mostly just voice commands with some fun responses
the assistant should just do that.  If(argument) {sendflowers(); }
what do you mean?
why are divorce lawyer ads showing up all over my feeds and TV?
18 minutes of silence
My favorite moment recently: my wife said "josh set the timer for 30 minutes" and I said "alexa, set timer for 30 minutes". #itshappening
...at least until they get sentient
But someday computers will catch up. And then it will be pretty awesome to have always on ambient computers serving our every whim.
People are still so much better at answering questions than computers and "assistants". Systems like and show that.
the one and only. Kinda like Neo.
So excited about google home and Amazon Echo competition. But it is sooooo early here. These are more voice command products than AI
until Lebron won last year, lots of agony. Back to agony
Happy for my dad who grew up near Wrigley Field. Way to go Cubs.
Cleveland is back to the Cleveland everyone knows and loves.
kinda. Much bigger bandwagons
and well then they won again in a few years
So if the Cubs win and break the curse, will people still get as excited about them?
Worth looking away from the World Series for a sec to read this from https://t.co/pPlSF4sJA0
Nice endorsement of - listen to the first minute. Oh and they are hiring engineering to help scale:… https://t.co/9TlZpsjoeo
Jason's story of pivoting to Discord and the future of gaming is pretty awesome https://t.co/2WwsXCRRl9
me too. But excited for HP and for all the reasons the team made this move
does that make a difference?
in app time may not increase as dramatically as it did from 0. But utility time and $$ will keep going up
I hate to be that doofus who chimes in with his own blog post but hey: https://t.co/3kcgK5NdZU
or you could say he invested in the great team behind both
congrats!
amazing background we are standing in the way of :)
yeah :(
oh yes. Too close to the we wanted flying cars and get 140 characters line for me though...
if would be classic if he sues you for his words you quoted. Yo was invented in Israel by the way...
it is a fun seed investment. Try out the Halloween experience tonight
oh man.  Still feeling so lucky about mine
try discord
#fireshaw?
mine too. Mine too.
but still plenty of room for focused apps that just do video messaging.
houseparty is live chat - very different. snapchat has a lot of advantage on video messaging over tribe et al
yeah - just hits a little bit of that "I'm here, let's hang" mode you were referring to
try Houseparty
or at least it really doesn't understand itself and feel comfortable with people getting to know the real Twitter
why do people still trust you? ;)
The energy in the Worlds for League of Legends is probably stronger than any World Series stadium would have been o… https://t.co/F4ug87CjeU
aren't the khaki pants usually a little bit lighter?
but in all cases - building a great team, leadership team and company culture matter too. Plenty of examples founder led didn't work
and obviously Amazon, Microsoft under Gates, snapchat, Facebook, Apple with Jobs all very powerful examples
the acquisitions of youtube and instagram and android where a founder was given continued authority were fantastic.
wait - when did I say it was better off without the founder in charge? Not something I ever say.
just making non falsifiable claims ;)
I think we never should have landed on the moon, killed nasa'a ambition to get to mars. No way to falsify ;)
fair enough. Youtube, FB messenger, Instagram, android are all positive examples of selling and winning. Many independents fail
not Freudian at all. You somehow think we disagree.  I am an advocate for going long - but it is hard when offered ahead for risk
oh dude - we aren't disagreeing. I think both periscope and vine should have gone big. But the founders took the $$
yeah - autoplay.  And in mobile
and to be fair - vine was certainly awesome. But LOTS of other short form video networks failed around some time
I just meant the cash up front without risk of failing or success was nice.
lots of cash pre launch was nice though
"almost impressed by the incompetence" is a great book title or blog post title for many things here
please pick up a lot of dongles. You will need them
back then vine was the first native video embedded into twitter. That was a huge benefit.
I saw it first hand with periscope and meerkat too.  Twitter can be a powerful engine
videos appearing and playing integrated when tweeted. Also twitter's press and relationships helped a lot of early momentum
well the company had one. Then it shuffled the deck. Momentum has still powered through quite a bit
and you need someone with strong vision and instincts to give the team room and support to take bold risks
not totally fair. The integration with twitter and association was pretty helpful as they really took off a few after launch
yup that is what I was saying
interesting URL shortener they are using these days
vine was already dying.
troll
you have access to way more secret data than I do :)
not public
yeah but we are mostly unusual ;) core late 20s IG users have moved heavily into stories and pulled back from snapchat
you can already see the chilling effect IG stories have had on blocking snapchat from growing older demographics
yes but they don't care. They are trying to prevent the world that uses their products from ever becoming people who use both
broadcast 1:many has its challenges
I don't understand your "with all due respect". In fact I tweeted that impressed at the aggression.
great to bump into you too. What a cool spot!!
The branding of UberX and Lyft as "ride sharing" instead of "mobile ordered unlicensed taxi cabs" is so masterful
Yesterday: read article about San Jose Airport Robots: https://t.co/xTUIziC8L5 . Today: windows crashed https://t.co/i3E1k245MW
hells yeah
reminds me of the best of Microsoft and Netscape and realplayer
also 💲
I wonder if there are more people at Facebook working on Snapchat than at Snapchat https://t.co/PIb0QLICrr
zing
so is this a subtle way to ask for an invite next year?  Or you just having the same fomo as me? :)
mmm yes. Also good. But this one is my fave
yup
olive bread
kalamata tapenade
Literally my favorite food in the entire world.  -- at Macrina bakery https://t.co/2MLXRltYfr
oh no the one on the left.
she is one of the most important people at apple
Yet another day I tweet my request to for Cord Amnesty Day  https://t.co/uz7fyWkGEe
I mean snapchat and instagram clearly took the opportunity. But hard to say they won against great execution
Great to see in contention for hottest startup brand. Go vote! Beat Squatty Potty! https://t.co/kXJTAJcmNc
yup. Worked up here for 6 years too at realnetworks
Or we could bring all of our roadmaps together and merge them. Probably lots of overlap 😉
I grew up in Tacoma!  Here for an event and quick visit to family. Every time I am here I feel like I should come more
Talk about unrealized opportunity.  https://t.co/jrESH2AkOk
;) I hear you have tried a lot of things here
you should assume what they really mean is "in the next few weeks I would love to sit down and talk about this..."
likewise!  I will be here most of the day except a blip in afternoon. And planning to follow up when I go home tooGreat new product for listening to quality audio https://t.co/qjg7elZLhB
you forgot to use the sarcasm font
just focus on the clickable headlines please
and then follow up on what was discussed. Matters way more than process of scheduling
the real key is when you do actually get meeting set up, does the person focus on you and context of meeting
it is just likely that the person is juggling many meetings and wants to ensure actually finding a good time
I don't think it is intended to be act of power. When you get connected to an EA, the person actually wants to meet
as someone who schedules way too many meetings though, the assistant handoff is intended to ensure a mtg will happen
would you like to schedule a meeting on the first? Please choose: 9am, 10:30am, 3:30pm
totally owned by Condé Nast now, not by medium at all
sorry I meant if they did it on android it wouldn't sell more iPhones and might sell less
The conclusion that they need an android app only makes sense if they want messaging to be dominant. Now I don't think it sells more phones
that said - I just don't think the iMessage lock-in is anything like FB or Snap or Whatsapp.
Really intriguing responses to this question - data cost, groups, groups breaking if you leave, images and more. https://t.co/U6QhOnJJN1
cool - that sounds clearer.
Excited to be in Seattle for a couple of days - spending some time at Amazon and even a RealNetworks reunion!
great song
mine only crashed twice yesterday. it's like it knows something is coming
the whole point of the DAU/MAU metric switch from "unique visitors" was about authenticated logged in users
not for # impressions, but certainly matters for implied retention. Let's not get back into a reach game
that seems like really bad comparison. People who viewed a Giphy gif not same as snapchat dau
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 excited for a world of much safer communities
so sneaky of Apple to occasionally fail out of network
ok - huh. I've gone back and forth and never thought about it much. Other reasons I prefer ios but didn't get it beyond paid SMS
u so judgy
coulda just called it a preemie?
Why do people who use iMessage feel locked into iOS? I don't feel much difference between texting with android friends except green vs blue
love the timing of this announcement. Congratulations - the days are long but the years are short!
likewise. You are very far ahead of where I was in high school - had certainly never been to a startup
next book idea?
What if the self driving truck became sentient and tried to drink the beer? https://t.co/5IGYRyl6Xa
nice job Steve!
looking for individual full time employees, not external help. But thanks for responding!
thank you for showing up with great content every day. Excited to see forging ahead!
cool lmk! I try as much as I can
oh ha
how did u know?
#6 trending search term in App Store says a lot about the future. Health tracking perhaps? https://t.co/F5FThqS4YU
sounds like you need spectacles?
https://t.co/MnBrUy9QJq
 congratulations!  And more lucky founders!
and now 3 servings per package instead of 2.
I got all the news from the tweet. Who clicks anymore?
did you just admit that on Twitter?
⚡️ “Did Dr Pepper get demoted?”

https://t.co/5a9dYHCCof
or just offensive line
The only reason they tied is because they couldn't figure out who deserved to lose more. That said #GoHawks!
Great thoughts from Sarah on fin tech and how expectations are changing for financial products https://t.co/HxjHzL8XUe
this new jump over the field goal line play though is pretty cool
at this point I just hope it ends
some games you just don't deserve to win
please make this game stop. A Seahawks tie is fine with me
it won't end!
I can't look away
all game long
The Seahawks / Cardinals game should be called a tie because of the mercy rule.
the holding is killing them. Brutal.
I watch much more now. Very happy with playlist
fairly graphic horse picture by the way
oh it is :).  Enjoy all your time and sleep in the next few months!
HAU?
what are you letting ride on top of your kid?
https://t.co/5jHMASq1U2
hoping for your draymond green moment?
well now you know how many people really actively wanted to watch your stories #realmetricsbeatoopsmetrics
they couldn't even outscore the Cubs tonight
feels like you need Bizarre Love Triangle (both the original and Frente versions) and Enjoy the Silence
actually Russ really really likes that song. I caught him humming it the other day
https://t.co/7x1VK5krhg
correct
no but it helps
unclear! It is the one successful outcome where the team didn't work harder than everyone else
wow - lots of Terry Francona fans out there want him called out too. Nice job Francona with Red Sox and Indians
not sure there is literature. We both worked there. Early culture was known for not having late nights in office
Theo Epstein brought both the Red Sox and Cubs to the World Series.  Joe Maddon took the Devil Rays(!!!) and now Cubs. Management matters.
Apple reviews and approves every app in the App Store. They can keep a list of brand names
Happy for the Cubs. Happy for my dad who grew up in Chicago right after they last were in the World Series
oh sure. That was such a different era though - and AOL bought them lol
ooh formula 1?  She puts on a great show
yeah except AT&amp;T taking out a lot of debt to cover it which is worse
my dad grew up northside. This is a big next 3 outs!
Seeing a lot of excited Cubs fans tweeting about a 5-0 lead in the 8th.  Do they not remember the disasters of before? Be nervous!
😡😡😡 not ok https://t.co/U3BkEsCd9v
On one hand - this makes sense because content should flow everywhere. On the other hand why spend $80B? https://t.co/OLBj2CUwin
brought back the joy I used to have as a kid!
randomly got a bicentennial quarter. Are those rare or still a lot in circulation?
which did you mean? lyft or lyft?
Major props to this (new?) couple if it is real https://t.co/VlYpQmAqb8
well at least they built Answers at one point
agreed.  Though they did step on it by 2009 I think.
perhaps. Though reflecting, there might have been real value in letting the network there emerge the pace it did
haha exemption.  LinkedIn is still the only counterpoint I give to your argument
fair enough. But it is a pretty bad store experience they have enabled.
nah - when is the last time you saw CBS promoting shows on NBC. Or buying cheerios and seeing wheaties on the box?
yeah. Apple already does enforcement at the app name level - so might have a better way to do this. (G didn't review every site)
buying to keep your space is such an odd tax for navigational queries
yes. more of those please. Great soundtrack too.
I follow you on SoundCloud
I always called this the dirty underbelly of google
when people buy over your app it means you are doing something right
This may be the first salvo in the next great war? https://t.co/Xp8PLwCby6
pretty much. But so ugly in App Store for navigational searches
FB has search ads?
yup me too
well they earned that no? I didn't search for lyft in that case
yeah - I always hate spending on navigational queries for a brand name
doesn't seem like it should be right?
sure - but maybe they let search quality slide to make more money
yeah was annoyed in App Store. Brand names are dumb to allow this
true true.  So dumb on brand names
% of screen real estate is different. And also super annoying to put your own ad on top of your ad
time to start bidding on Outlook with my new email client!
I think the % of screen real estate in App Store is pretty different
The frustrating outcome of App Store ads is companies now have to outbid on their own names or competitors will be… https://t.co/1gjHPbVFDX
Danny will be forever 19 to me.  Happy bday!!
awesome news Vítor!
i see lots of people check out FB sign and the google android garden
it isn't! Show them the companies people really build stuff
hah fair. - but I was referring to twitter Facebook LinkedIn &amp; Zazzle in their early days so hopefully good precedents!
I never had an expected 7pm meeting when I worked at companies, and no one would have balked at family emergency
i hope this is a test where the correct answer is "whomever sees this as a serious question should be fired"
unless you are talking about the Techcrunch conference. Then it is fine. Right ?
looking for full time not freelance but thank you!
shoot me a note with your background josh at greylock dot com and I can share with company
wonderful I will share with them!
technical help first then it will keep scaling and might add more design
sure!
thx! Looking for full time!
in SF?
intro great if interested. Josh@greylock.com
not yet but soon if they keep scaling!
consumer. Your first suggestion was great
what is your email and LinkedIn? I will have them reach out
consumer
i said growing
SF but flex
Looking for some mobile developers who want to take lead on a very fast growing app.
oh yeah of course
true - just saved first episode and plan to check it out
This is my favorite new show this season https://t.co/VdCgUrl1jL
fist BUMP
"I will be ducking out early"
Dear autocorrect - yes this was one of those times I actually meant to write ducking. Damn you for autocorrecting it back
Musical.ly's Teenage Revolution: How the Trend-Setting Lip-Sync App Is Changing the Music Industry https://t.co/yVv5dEEY8Q
well Pokémongo was pretty transformational in getting people out of the house still staring at phones. AR will too
"The most impressive feat was Pokémon Go’s ability to single-handedly convert a massive amount of a player’s non-mo… https://t.co/sX7ac2sxv7
Great to see new VCs like who have a deep background in building good products https://t.co/RoLFodGxVF
If you are in the NYC product community, this is going to be a great event https://t.co/NnnSaHo1DJ
didn't Ken Bone ask about climate change?
Best moderator yet.
don't bring up tebow. That guy won games he never expected nor deserved to win
Homemade art project of Trump talking into his microphone https://t.co/dIRRK3twH2
make it a link to click. Much faster than an actual reply. I get the request though. Sucks to feel unheard
maybe a poll at the bottom to vote on some question for the company? Can be silly or serious but say "vote to get next update?"
i dunno. Crafting a reply to every update seems like a lot to ask if it isn't targeted or specific.
It seems unfair to make people of Cleveland pick which to attend. It isn't like this happens all the time. Come on… https://t.co/qYr4ymhxVs
really? I read a ton, don't reply to all of them. Didn't know that was an expectation.
general catalyst must be so pissed they didn't get that. Nice handle!!
Pokémon go was equivalent of Web 2.0. Same tech that had been available applied in new ways. More of that coming
are you on it?
yeah they moved the routes to fly over those areas
snapchat and tinder were both great apps and timed with people getting first smartphones
it is always tough. I would say musical.ly, offerup, niantic are best opportunities.
maybe if you offered her a chair?
ooh maybe write about mts3k commentary next
Brian nails it. https://t.co/cpXMLKAhnx
when you don't control the front door, you have to be flexible. These platforms all need to change or die
hah! people hate it when their cheese moves. At least they have outlets for their voices!
not saying it should have been positive either!  But I think Jessica's comments on the tone were right
sure - but your writing was pretty weighted towards the complainers. Could've been "switching to licensing!"
written that way because change is scary? Licensing is a much more traditional media model
not sure if your alternate proposal would be a blank screen? That said fairly specific topics were long term goal
oh. Well yeah - new users need some ramps to get going. Most active users got to their own followings after signup
yup. A big part of the plan we proposed back in 2011
(a) wasn't anything I worked on (b) autocomplete makes total sense
yup!  I still talk about that one often :)
you are overweighting how users who don't know twitter were getting onboarded vs how the system worked once you were on
wait - I think we are on same page. By "things people recognized" I meant things that broadcast to you
was very important for new users to recognize things at beginning we found. But suggestions rapidly broadened density
no way. We encouraged new users to find things they recognized along with friends. Then suggestions kicked in.
👍👍 good hook to get users in but then they need to convert to real usage. Second part isn't happening.
0. We didn't hack growth, we invested in people getting better timelines and engaging. But changes stopped mostly
I agree 100B%. Should be a billion user product.
I can delete mine too but I could not replace my single point of connectedness with the world
sadly I think today's market cap is a fair estimate of future expected value. But not of future opportunity and world impact.
Agree with Dustin that still a lot of opportunity ahead. It is still the most important service i use almost hourly. https://t.co/0lnciEZ2mv
gotta be earlier bro 👊😉missed ya there
A cool Storify of content from #productsf - our day about product building last week: https://t.co/XaVTABoayZ 
i get a lot of fancy dinners with so keep buying!
only if you care about your pictures!
so good right?!!
Large scale cold carbon capture in our lifetime could be a big deal! https://t.co/OFM1u1pcIY
seems low
this must work so well
at least the value is declining as you are rising. Time to take ownership soon?
or crazy two people?
but this makes it optimal revenue to send tons of inspectors out on same day too
Are there lessons we can learn from how fast the government moved on the Galaxy Note 7 that can apply to permitting new innovations too?
it should only count responses you've written. Eg 1 for each view of your post, 1 for each view of a response
Big congrats to my friend on taking THX into its next chapter! https://t.co/w1NrRWh284
oh you can respond to posts on other stories too - and those all get summed up. sometimes people go direct to response
responses are treated like posts
that is what the people want to see!
what got scratched out?
one of the best games ever!
really upping the level of risk in your museum aren't you!
you can evaluate every quarter and it becomes lifelong leaderboard. Like real VC you don't win until exit
https://t.co/UjRbs2nqov
try https://t.co/aYGq53PkCe?
try making it really simple.  Every quarter you can pick 4 companies at last known valuation. Same amount
doordash is fantastic deeper on the peninsula
I never get feedback on my football tweets :)
what is your favorite co watching app?
so glad you had that in your emergency supplies!
Not much better for a rainy day afternoon than watching the Seahawks.  Thanks ! #GoHawks
you must all be starving. I am so sorry for your struggle
it is in the tweet storm
great story!
sears would be an upgrade for you
looking 👌🔥 Itamar!
ah totally I get that. Hope the community does something simple and fun. No trading, just long term bragging!
the valuation on day of pick counts. Some you want to pick early in quarter, some you might want to wait to end
yup. Though can have leader boards - heck even call them Midas lists - based on who is ahead per quarter.
no need to be complicated. Just pick the 3-4 companies at last known valuation you think grow most!
you should consider building a game like this within mattermark. Kinda like fantasy football.  Maybe 3-4 picks per quarter?
great analogy 👍💯🙌🏻🙌🏻
yeah. And in safety there have been some major breakthroughs even. We just consider things meh if they are the same but safer
hmm I am pretty sure we are on those. Will figure out Monday!
it is in the bedroom. I am surprised at how having recent pictures showing starts conversations. Vs same ol same ol
thank you
go ahead and by the cheaper ones.  I will just enjoy looking at my photos :)
trivially easy from your camera roll
Got my and it has been one of the best new devices I have added in a while. So easy to add pics and sw… https://t.co/tyXm9KXvLf
thx!
exactly. Seems a little regressive that you upgrade to safety
government regulation tends to have the full intent to help protect people. It just has to be revisited with new technology often
when is focused inbox coming to mac app? It is so good on mobile and I need it badly on desktop
💯💯💯
wait what? It isn't?
or you might have finally found your post WH calling?
yeah - and crumple zones and airbags and the way cars dip down while braking and more
thank you!
and thank you
airlines as well
gotta start somewhere
safety is such a big innovation.
oh man :(
thank you 👊
yup.  And in this case I wasn't even doing that
I'm so sorry about that. Yeah I feel very lucky - though still just 48 hours so not fully out of woods
And especially thankful to everyone who has been working to make cars safer and safer. Now I cannot wait until self driving is here.
I was in a car accident this week and two days later am feeling no effects. The car took a lot of the damage.  Feeling lucky and thankful.
While people may complain about innovation from big airlines, big auto, etc, I think we under appreciate all of the safety improvements.
she has done it twice now
yes
thank you 👊. Awesome to meet you
I paid with PayPal. I bet PayPal is at fault here.
it's not an action sports drone like some others. But this one is safe as an indoor drone. Compare correctly
unclear. FB got to massive scale within the product. The platform play got us to become a dependency of everyone
I am so excited about this product. Bought mine yesterday. From my former Twitter colleague https://t.co/MMs20HFOWL
but I still stand by the point that FB is still dominant among teens - all have it, just post content elsewhere
sure - it isn't clear if snapchat even wants to open that up like we did at FB.
for sure - teens and 20s. Snapchat login might hurt FB login more than anything else
also I bet that study doesn't skew teen
this doesn't undercut what I said
I have seen the word "use" misinterpreted. Teens certainly don't think they "use" FB like instasnapmus
i have seen consistent if not increasing usage of FB login with teens
not as far as data I have seen. All ages still have FB kinda like a wallet. Even with friends. Just little good teen content.
yes - though this includes every keyboard tap so when you are typing you are way over that
I was in SF last night for our event but so bummed to miss two of my favorite peninsula events! Glad was fun
hope you are ok 🙏🏽
it was!
check the hashtag!
we will publish most of them!
While I didn't get pictures I am so thankful to have had and Alex Zhu of Musically share their stories! #productsf
Closing the day with and reliving the early days of Pinterest. Such thoughtful iteration to get wh… https://t.co/1JMUtMmaPS
Thrilled to have Scott Erickson from talking about the future of AR here at #productsf. Demos too! https://t.co/0vj04TYrbx
Sound design in products is how you direct and engage emotion and can speak to someone without needing words.… https://t.co/0pv8idqHtZ
it may be the ability to so quickly find agreers too
because we also have technology spread the theories much more broadly
he is talking about good habits - not addictive ones right now
Getting hooked with - figuring what is the psychological itch that gets addressed by creating the right ha… https://t.co/ZCnWeIW1fQ
.@JamesCurrier is unlocking the secrets of growth #productsf https://t.co/WuHmy8YQdn
Pretty soon everyone in the world is going to have a smartphone. And most will be Android. at… https://t.co/z7awzAFmto
Michael Winnick of is telling that the heaviest users of their phones touch their phones 5,427 times per da… https://t.co/iJBdYD5B5N
.@sarahleary is so cool telling the story of I love the unscalable examples of what they did to get this… https://t.co/kufp4aRV7j
Very excited to host #productsf today with ! Will be a great day talking about product building with a… https://t.co/59WAzXtX3v
The self driving car future cannot come soon enough!
producthunt?
starting to feel like when the library in Alexandria burned
wayback had less than I wanted!
😂😂😂
made my morning. Thank you!
Looking for some older content reminded me how much of the web is lost to history. Lots of domains that come up in google don't resolve
Found this gem of a discussion on LinkedIn right when it launched. responding to a number of questions https://t.co/UTDhe9cPFc
👊👊
and to be clear - not an investor. Just a belieber
no - actually was fairly big before it first broke out. Yes people outside tech use apps
Apple called removing a headphone jack "courage"
forget Apple. This is true courage.  Thank you for sharing such an important story and lens into your life
well if the tech chatter isn't talking about a product it MUST be dead
I don't know!
still works - more ppl use it now than before the first rise
ok cool. And I don't think she was there for camera time as much as to take it seriously. RG did a great job thru it
come on. You know he was trying to imply she didn't give a shit. If she made there in one day, it means something.
Maybe he was always in front of her? https://t.co/737XUfpZCv
phone trees all the time though
Ozlo AI assistant is the new underdog filling the void left by Viv | TechCrunch https://t.co/TChSscNW4m
hah yes - the newbies only know the alternating victories. I am a forlorn Mariners fan hoping for that one day
sorry for your loss. But what a dramatic way to go out
Quite funny https://t.co/6vmsHQl8LG
correct. But this acts as a bridge to get there
is this a trick question? Doesn't he stand on the right of it?
you might underestimate the value of seeing recognizable figures when a user first signs up
I thought that was just your new style after you came back from Argentina
yeah - nice to have owners who are diehard fans again
I am a lifelong Mariners fan. This all just hurts
Giants bandwagon fans: you should be happy for the Cubs. Giants won World Series 106 years more recently. True SF fans can be sad though.
can we talk about Almost Live?
a star is born
did you remember it afterwards or was it like an amazing dream?
I hope the new year brings health, safety, and healing to our world
Busted out my cello to play Kol Nidrei and think about this day of atonement for the Jewish community beginning tonight.
the mouse that roared?
https://t.co/Af0vSlzL38
absolutely - the key isn't quantity of invites it is quality of inception through invites
thanks and likewise!!
some folks were worried about creepiness factor. I believed it would drive discovery.
almost shipped this in 2011
https://t.co/f5eY73mUWq
we owe you and team a lot.  Thank you for the privilege of being part of your journey!
thanks Madhu!
thanks Adam!
I feel lucky to be a part of this team and moreso lucky we get to partner with so many great founders, teams, and L… https://t.co/ZpbO7pOm7l
it is ok.  Just getting ready to start repenting tomorrow
no don't - we can barely afford his theft as it is
haha thanks :)
yeah most posts aren't that short
Lots of growth hacking alive and well in App Store right now. Or as says it: “Viral Oops vs. Viral Loops” https://t.co/rpyLbDoXxL
if you got there in time instead of early maybe you would have watched whole game?
-- do you have any data on dumpster fires?
MG what were you apologizing for?
thank you
Cool analysis of the emotions shared during the debate last night using  GIFs https://t.co/zajFVm2MY6
Got lots of great feedback on my post about virality. Responded to one asking about what I call "blind virality" https://t.co/tNVCBUWYED
don't throw me in that
you just lost dad of the year
Big Papi was one of the best stars in baseball. What a run and a career. https://t.co/AoKUggcxtv
giving them soda cemented your victory
is working on it
aura doesn't feel like windows. Still has its imperfections but smoothest experience I've had
app is incredibly easy to get photos up, gesture control and light sensor just work and make sense
https://t.co/hNJ6Cjzdxo
worth it!
totally undervalued. Nice Trumpism there
The way ahead – The Economist – Medium https://t.co/PPYbn1Pvvf
Happy quarter century https://t.co/8fb1AEr3Xz
no - plenty of people still try over and over . It still has a chance
hah. I had my time on this already
yes. Having an audience isn't what matters most on social media
yes - good lists and topics for people to choose to follow at signup is a good start
sure. By now. It needed to have evolved so Betty sue would have a great experience
oh I meant finding those on twitter. Twitter just needs to be easier. It can be
if you are into early 20th century modern art how do you find this? What about Italian motorcycles? It ain't easy
oh dude... we had a whole plan around this :) right We called it "provenance"
I love that you are still doing Twitter support Jana!
https://t.co/wvmoTwKSmU
yeah and he seems to enjoy the 15 minutes of fame. But getting memed can suck
is this bullying?
most people have at least one passion. Could be a celebrity, could be sports, could be a hobby. Isn't always "growth"
awesome
you did a lot more work than most users. But yes would be nice to bring a similar effect to more people
sure - it serves some needs very well. Same was true of AOL in 1998 right?
it is hard to onboard through disparate experiences
oh yeah. At least half of new users are just returning users trying again
at this point it is a little bit of broken windows theory. So lots to clean up
not true at all. Often easier if they realize they are truly missing out.
https://t.co/WFoscYdqHcyes - this is horrible. But a little bit of broken windows - the system has decayed so much.
i haven't been asked! But I am quite happy in what I do now and who I get to work with
nah - that may have impacted power users but isn't why twitter didn't keep evolving and getting easier
aw thanks :). No one has asked!  And now I get to help more companies I am involved with in parallel!
longer conversation. But a lot of what you see today was part of my team's work back in 2009-11 and that was just a start
exactly!
nah - doesn't need to be open to be great. But agreed on anything like that needs ads included
fair enough - they need to do a lot more around summarization of your feed too. Moments isn't it
But engagement isn't going to pick up again until enough people want and can to get to a unique stream of information just for them
The business of Twitter will be more than fine when (or at this point if) engagement ever picks up again.
true - but at least you got a few of them finally :). And they made the business work without engagement
yup. If only I had shipped it when we built it
yes but in this case it is about ramps - not the core product dynamics. Ramps are much easier to build than a good product
yup. Was an ongoing journey but I think it has stalled
no - people need celebs first to recognize folks on the system. Did a whole analysis of which suggestions lead to active accounts
yup - one good way.
you should have seen the plans from 2011 that pushed this direction. Twitter is about topics, local, individuals, and friends
yeah. This goes back to some plans my team had back in 2010...
nah - if set up effectively it can be great
The efforts around Live and around this election are great ways to expose people to Twitter. But people need to get hooked and personalize
Twitter can simplify the onramps to getting someone to a deeply personalized Twitter experience (and benefit from work done by others)
But to get to this place where Twitter always gives me great information has taken many many hours of tuning. I still follow too many ppl.
My email is a close second to Twitter.  Twitter isn't messaging, and it isn't how I stay in touch with friends. That's fine.
Twitter tells me what is happening in my world, and pointers to the links I should read and care about better than any other product
The challenge ahead for Twitter is helping everyone get the same magical experience that I get every day when I open it
except for the nudity that is great art
Looking good - and congrats https://t.co/gx6XUVgE8E
nope nope you still can't say that
words can absolutely hurt
It's never just words
you are the reason
neither does yours :).  I talk to a lot of people about this. I hear Instagram stories popular but SC night
my snapchat stories have a lot more late night exploits. Either a sign of the demographics or the brand
really? I know working on loyalty, but smells a little desperate
quite the blue steel look Chris 😳
😰😡 yeah you got this one
had this built multiple times. Used to walk around and look over shoulders and discovered great accts
exactly :).  Also cool: https://t.co/FcehNNehwy
next year ? 🙏🏽 https://t.co/O7tbSgYoOA
recruiting great. Play calling not so much
yeah that last one looked painful
the only question is whether harbaugh makes it to year 5. But his years 2-3 are epic
oh these aren't ours - have kind friends
yup! Wasn't a popular night I guess
#GoStanford - cougar hunting tonight https://t.co/2WK0NZKzaX
Important movement that is leading to make sure the products we make are making lives better https://t.co/xPRiwlYus7
😂 https://t.co/aDzywNu4PG
I just wish we had better ways to share how awesome our twitter feeds are with everyone else.
hbd Tracy!
thank you thank you thank you
maybe they will have a super zoom option soon?
i respect people's feelings about party. At some point ethics of the individual in light of overwhelming evidence is tough to see
I don't believe the support either https://t.co/ML7dY7SEKx
pence is not as badly behaved, but his views are quite toxic
well per your point - whoever resigns first wins.
yeah!
yes but it means Hillary's competition will look much better than it used to. Which is scary too
This thread is scary and a #mustread. Guys - don't do it. And if you see it, call it out. And if you hear about it,… https://t.co/ImmO41Wf3C
right. Irrelevant
One of those times I am not proud to be from the great state of Washington https://t.co/Cr1bwp1v4Y
I am worried that any replacement will look so good by comparison they can hurt Clinton's chances too
as much as we want that I don't think we want that
love u
to me. One of the best things for Hillary was just how awful the other side looked
because someone not Trump and without a negative track record can foment more anyone but Hillary noise
This week had more high highs and low lows than usual. Thankful for good friends and good partners to help through the lows
One of the worst things that could happen to this election is Trump resigning.
love u
Watching airplanes do tricks above SF for the moment. Really need because I don't want to keep taking out my phone
but also - totally agree with most cases being "not pursuing" vs passing
mine wasn't a pass at all.  They misquoted me. But it certainly is the biggest in my anti portfolio
just don't accidentally FaceTime me please
This is such a great initiative to get out the vote. You can vote for whomever you want but just vote! Great for pr… https://t.co/N8aYD8xtKh
haha - plenty of biking down this way. But nothing like Marin!
all the way to SF?
https://t.co/xZ7CfgoKf5
yeah maybe. Was in the South Bay though not SF. And wasn't just this week. Will keep checking.
well from their perspective they have no real hardware brand so all is up for grabs. Even if a few strong loyal fans
well either demand is so off the hook crazy, or drivers are starting to bail
I never saw google hardware as premium. Always felt me too. Which is fine because their services are strong
I was hoping this would be a dramatic reading of his likes. Or maybe of his posts?
oh got it. Yeah I mostly ignored the Pixel - google needs a new hero phone for android but still not Apple
how can I help?
driving to Santa Clara at this hour is something else though. Well and niners
Bay Area traffic sux
👇 https://t.co/4JsbW0yU1M
nah I parked before 10 without a prepaid permit. Hoping i would sneak through
thanks for the fave. I deserved this ticket, but does your bot help with Bart parking lot tickets yet?
That said, driving my own car the past two days has definitely gotten in the way a couple of times. Including my parking ticket today
Can't tell if it is a good or bad sign that uber and lyft have had massively surging prices in South Bay last few mornings.
the key question is how many woulda been snapchat users!
come for the tats stay for the bots!
come for the bots stay for the tats?
you're not a businessman; you're a business, man!
The real purpose of the election? https://t.co/Sr4OvxGYc3
unless you add 🙌🏻
are you speaking on behalf of Bloomberg or Bahat Inc?
😰
This started as a typo but I think is a better word for past tense of making a tweet: "tweetled"
TL;DR we are all bumblebees. Great social network analysis from https://t.co/m3YXrDrTqA
maybe they have an idea as good as the Winkelvosses that you can then turn into the next Facebook
josh at Greylock dot com
those are all pretty fast to get a product built and in market. Pixel is interesting too
huge businesses aren't always the innovators in new ideas. But they do it better than the rest. We will see here
Microsoft 3.0
why?
most loyal customers? Or most loyal partners?
yup. But you can get plenty of credit for moving second
probably not. Guessing you weren't impressed? I am not impressed here by invention but certainly by engineering speed
Very impressed with the Google launches today. even if they are catch up to some other companies - it was a fast catch up!
It's hard to say no to Thanks Katie for inspiring me and being part of my #PinkSquad yesterda… https://t.co/Vp8rVld8eI
was on the ground for 22 hours!  Was hoping to bump into you on the lawn though. Were you there?
"buy used goods from that guy!"
awesome!
Wouldn't have thought would provide the best tax analysis. Loopholes aren't nefarious or bad business. Good… https://t.co/qTbXcZUwWw
well I saw you 7 times and you mouthed "later" until the once we actually talked until you suddenly had to run off ;)
content marketing
wait that's not a snapchat lens?
sure but it matters for what you are inspired to build next for them (and how you treat them)
my data cloud vs your data cloud
sure - but that usually comes in form of compensation to employees in acquiring company
likewise!  Thanks for the Michigan vote, and look forward to learning more about food waste and healthier eating!
not by default with most good firms. Yes if round prices get aggressive - the new lead will often try to stack that.
usually the new rounds aren't senior to old rounds and should just be share for everyone preferred.
My feet are tired and I can barely stand, but I learned a lot and met great people. Nice job and team!… https://t.co/oyww3gLdzd
where's yours? all the cool firms are doing it!  Also where did you get this? I need a case for
do you have a better or sweeter way to start the new year?
TFW you get customer service from the person busy running the event 😁
TFW you see tweets from people attending the event you are still waiting in a long line for #SXSL
unfollow
some people pay extra for that
college students can't remember a desktop first world
Perfect preparation heading out to #SXSL and https://t.co/PhkfGrK2H8
see you soon!
To all my Jewish friends: may the new year bring you peace, happiness, and health https://t.co/AFl4LGI5Gs
sorry about today. But your team looked good. And New England lost.
#askjelly
A great event for the Clinton campaign. If you are free in SF tues, go and show your support https://t.co/fAmKfmwjHD
yes but all is not clear yet
right and the counter point to this of course is incentivizing long term investment which at least used to lead to job creation
that is very different than saying all taxes should be more progressive (which they probably should be)
sure - but it is much closer to a long term gain than direct income in terms of model and the incentives to think long term
no - the carried interest tax is not the reason for a flawed tax code
well he used to be a liberal - maybe still is
Trump's new slogan: "I am going to change the tax laws so no one can get rich and advantaged like I did!"
thank you!
congratulations!!!
agreed - I thought a lot more would happen this year with live
Got my flu shot. Here's to another year of hopefully avoiding the great sickness
nice post- totally agree
maybe the days of Billie Joe Hobert are back!
https://t.co/CuYgYxiWHa
until 4am tomorrow... 😳
This might have jinxed the team tonight https://t.co/0wFvAOacTc
answer seems obvious
also cheep (and yes much more consistent. Except the time I took the express and they had to stop for me)
message was delivered. And returned.
it's only week 4 - have you given up already?
watch out this Sunday - Seahawks are coming for your Jets. It won't be pretty https://t.co/2lInnI4QcE
thanks Anne!
did you just call him impotent?
I am so glad I left my birthday hat at home.  Thanks and great to see you!
Agreed - is smarter than ;).  Welcome Saam to ! https://t.co/sElRgEoGsg
.@abdur and are the best.  I can't wait to meet Aura and actually bring all the pictures I take to life https://t.co/b9sWY9z3Gj
oh jeez thanks
thank you so much 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
this is a company that deeply understands that "relationships always matter" :)
thx! Mostly to celebrate this awesome company
it is a regular thing - at least annual
Celebrating a room full of LinkedIn Alumni. At one point the company couldn't have filled all these tables! https://t.co/BgQjKd2ntu
thx!
it is to be facing me when I have it closed. Which is when I see it most ;)
❤️❤️❤️
ty!
hahahaha
So a gorilla interrupted our board meeting today https://t.co/gI9cGEEOKk
hey you told me you were the janitor. I didn't know you meant that to be euphemism for CEO
I heart you my favorite 71 year old!
hahaha - has beaten you to a few but no one has done Bebo yet!
A great new show worth watching this season https://t.co/ZZuqT7ksCU
neither were "MVP" in the classic web sense
just realized AU is the chemical symbol for Gold. So might be too to drop some bling as you try out your new name.
thank you Jason! Another trip around the sun shared with some of my favorite people!oh absolutely. My main point was once you accept spectacles, the next step is viewing them back in your face
but when it happens in front of your eyes you really relive it differently than looking at a phone
right - through googles with sound / Eg directly to their eyes is what I meant! VR headsets do this today
perfect
or 1:5?
wow that Jedi mind trick is powerful
wow it comes with Jedi mind trick too?
we just don't talk about them as much ;)
wow seems incredible
right. And then the question is whether we can get them to react!
I am a la costena guy when I have the chance
yeah - I meant how can we train AI for that? I don't know if we can install actual judgment
yup. Though I am curious if we can repair or replace the intrinsic biology rather than just with machines
right. But cells, DNA still go bad. Can we actually repair them?
one can never eat burritos too quickly!  (Though they are always worth savoring)
3) the New Deal helped America finish the transition from an agrarian society to an industrial one. What would help us move to Information?
2) AI and ML, self driving cars, replacing jobs. But many jobs are about handling crises and never seen situations. How can we train that?
1) we repair and replace parts of a car from 1920 to keep it still running well. How can we apply this to health and repairing our bodies?
Been in some really interesting conversations and talks the past few days.  Three things that have made my brain hurt:
ai-ml-ar-vr-robots
you get it now!
sometimes you join a party sometimes you just gotta start one
did a discovery fund investment
different doesn't mean worse, just the specificity is useful. As in "now that we've twemet, we don't need to meet!"
I think human to human contact vs not in person is quite different
More great product releases from companies today: and https://t.co/ahYmWHrJPw https://t.co/ZsljzeTL0p
meet implies in person connection. I think differentiation is ok here. like eskimos having 44 words for snow.
what is a better term for e-meeting then? Like it is descriptive. Also what about Twemeet for people you meet here?
This just takes it to another level on both point of view and VR will for immersiveness
.@houseparty always puts a smile on my face. Well except maybe last night when I saw shirtless. Watch out for that ;)
Great to see the team coming out of hiding today as their next act post Meerkat. It is a really fun app… https://t.co/fvVAwrEvoM
add hashtag askjelly and it will get answered!
This is such a randomly cool fact for the every year at least one game has ended on a score that never h… https://t.co/RORYwXFYE8
called saving the best for last
empathy!
My favorite part of this podcast we did with was this short demo of search over voice with human answer… https://t.co/EqC6YZNO44
right - more about the immersiveness.
Killer feature for - taking what is captured into VR so you experience someone else's life through their eyes
shoulda called it Boostie.  So we could occasionally drop the S
it is Facebook after all
does that mean he is responsible for all non linear growth?
trump was sniffling like he had just been snorting coke. Not saying he was though.
The problem with the debates is: Clinton does well and everyone is relieved. Trump does poorly and no one is surprised. Hard to change views
it's ok.  We both pale next to the story from
yes in the life as an entrepreneur class
Always fun to return to and meet students. Hard to believe it has been 13 years since my semester here https://t.co/10PR0dzzAN
Sorry but articles from sources with agendas are sometimes dead wrong. Cost cutting not the considerat… https://t.co/GdLBOAukPl
Love this story on and how he and his team think about future of search at https://t.co/GRNz6Wli8A
After seeing them live, I have fallen in love with Sons of Serendip. Love the cello.
https://t.co/Z4T4E4coo9 https://t.co/Z4T4E4coo9
😉
matrix here we come!
did AI just write your tweet?
the matrix begins
no but I hope it gets sent to me soon!
oh yeah - I agree with that. But the threshold for value of taking the time for a trip goes up
Cohabiting VR is quite different than just a video chat. And that does cut travel somewhat. VR will a bit more
yup you got it! But with the entire car designed for maximizing your entertainment
yeah - new reality will be hanging out with people virtually
oooh let's go build that!
are you saying virtual reality will become the new reality? *mind blown*
mmmm cookies. This is the future!
the VR could perfectly compensate for it though
no
can you imagine burning more calories to charge your stuff? Eg eat a cookie for an hour of spectacle power?
well you can certainly order that as your virtual experience.
When can we merge self driving cars and VR? So when you get in a self driving car you have a deep VR experience until you get to your dest
no need to go downward  let's just invent a way for our bodies to power these. We do for eyes!
would need your body to power that or you would have to charge it pretty often
sure - but they are pushing the limits of what we expect from cameras in so many newer ways
This video is trippy https://t.co/rZkheyky8M
I think glass was flawed about trying to have alternate use cases and something you could talk to *or* take photos
first time always gets arrows in their back. Also glass was so poor at setting the narrative
well might be better than looking at someone staring at their phone but silently stalking you taking photos
big bright lights when you are.
yes well he said does it matter and I gave him one reason it did
sure - but will learn the lights quickly
not sure why it is radically different than with a handheld you can pull out any time
matters a bit for recruiting. If can do homegrown brands it can be even more enticing for candidates
nope.  Beyond shade, they only do one thing - take video -and it is clear when they do. Not trying to boil the ocean
only if you call them snaptacles
create or buy
this tweet would have been way better if it were gone in 10 seconds
yes but sometimes the things that become cool surprise us. Remember parachute pants?
I just took out my phone to take a picture. Felt old school vs just touching a button near the hinge of my glasses. Bring it
bring on the backlash!
can I get them to match my prescription?
gHappy gBirthday!
there you go!  Watch needs a camera !
moving pictures and still as one shared experience is powerful too. Apple doesn't get enough credit for Live Photos
turns out more pixels, lower light might matter less than what you take, how it is shared, filters on your pic
no need to delete it! Apple's innovation is technically incredible. But snapchat's is more radical
why lol? I think ephemeral and now this idea of capture are quite interesting and truly differentiated
ok. Though here I define camera as the product (physical or digital) we look to to capture a moment. Snap, Inc certainly fits that
yup
canon, Polaroid, Nikon, Leica are all camera companies. Kodak was very deeply related as a core inside all camera
hold on. I wasn't comparing it to iPhone directly. That is a massive platform. But I said it was more innovative around camera
funny that you only think I read a press release
first we laugh at them. Then we laugh with them. Then we all wear cameras on our faces
Soon I bet snap specs have deep A/R features built in too
Snap (formerly Snapchat) is pushing the edges of what is a great camera even more than apple https://t.co/Blz1V5ferD
want also!
shoulda gotten Jet Black.  That stuff chips instead of your tooth
ahead of the game :)
This might be a huge change for stock options by reducing the tax burden without having real liquidity  https://t.co/nzBE8MmA3y
I will try it!  I lost on jeopardy in the past :)
thx Charlie!
well dressed!
thanks 👊
really?!!
or you could wait until Monday night debate and see it live?
sure seems like you are the wrong side of some A/B test there
https://t.co/o8ybHVoq1c
yup ;). The hardest part is when most people think they are doing their jobs well but there are inappropriate choices at the top
you get it!
patriots fans so touchy! ;)
patriot fans are a touchy bunch
um no
you haven't seen my weekends of 48 hours without leaving the house and mostly cleaning up toys
just trolling ;)
not even close!
they are competing with the Dallas baseball team that tries to claim similar things
the man everyone wishes they could be
hah fair point. Just trying to troll Patriots fans - it works!
true dat
rofl
Sorry Tom Brady. Getting suspended shows that any old guy pulled off the street can play quarterback as well as you. System not player ;)
yes and the complexity of large companies lets a lot of this get buried
those might be fixed though. And I bet heads literally rolled
Buying your own mayo, opening phantom bank accounts, overcounting video. When will it stop? https://t.co/c01IQ5qsbP
maybe your next book?
new investigative reporting show "when the 40 under 40 turned 40"
Reported a Google Allo bug in person today.  Thanks to the Assistants who took my bug report!  Now uninstalling all google apps to try again
high margin software rocks!
I think it is the person seated who makes the chair stylish
shoulda gone with white collar prisons
i wouldn't assume startups necessarily disclose
should change her username to baller
though to be fair - you can dig in with a little less bias and calling it spam. Tons of favorable reviews of the great product
more product posts that dig in like this please
back to work!  Go time! Hell yeah!
yeah - well if you have 1 new person bringing in one new person or more that would be pretty effective!
I didn't say I would find it impressive!  I said you should be happy with that :)
yikes
having a hook that people talk about (pink mustache for lyft). Giving people the right phrases to explain a product. Memorable name
right - I just meant those are growth vectors outside the system of the main product
well if you get any of these numbers over 1 you should be very happy because then you are super viral.
I disagree. Virality depends on off platform effects anyway (email SMS etc). you can work to shape word of mouth too. Not same tho!
thx Brad!
you look for how many users someone brings in - in their first day, first 14 days, and then on a monthly basis
I get excited for Sarah's too!!!
Smart post from the CEO of around the future of app development and enterprise apps. Makes sense to even me! https://t.co/sYUVhepk4j
they should just by Nike. Then you would have a lot of hot takes!
they don't need to sell the most cars. Just the most really high margin cars
congratulations!
This new company from is the real deal if you need design help https://t.co/EySKW67QPI
aww thanks 👊
😳
This could have been two twitters! https://t.co/ckqFH5mWe2
I would always want to co-lead with you. We make fast decisions.
may I invite myself over too?
often!
dude shh. You have already broken the rule. You are about to get bitten by a vampire.
did you have it set to non foody mode?
thanks Chris!
gotta catch 'em all
well viral only is a lot cheaper! I see more confused by paid only and not realizing it gets more $$ over time w/o organic
well - they work if there is a natural organic component as I tried to outline.  Paid doesn't always lead there though
understanding organic spread is key for any company. Some don't need paid strategies, some do. But all need the organic lift
This is a total bummer. Also why am I getting this news from Techinsider? https://t.co/fOVMOtktiW
what would you say is optimistic?
great essay. Reminds me of one of my favorite quotes https://t.co/5k2d1P5Uzj
thx I appreciate that!
Been having a lot of conversations about growth and virality recently. Wanted to jot down a framework I've used: https://t.co/W1aGhgMJOO
perhaps it does.  That would likely be demonstration virality
defending Russ might get you dragged down with him
shut up Russ 😘
I am practicing for when we hang next
it's hip 2 b square
r u trolling?  Do I need to block you now?
Ricky told me.
Somehow my Twitter account has blocked more than once. I like Ricky -- never meant to block you not even once!
thank you Amy! I know how deeply you think about this too. Glad it resonates!
congrats :-)
not the most beloved offensive coordinator.  Though it is spelled Bevell lol
1/ 2/ - also pro snapchat tips are spread best in person
lots of power in organic growth of features - especially now that users can more easily show them off.  Not this year sadly :(
I have NFL Sunday ticket from directTV.  We can just get the NFL package here in the Bay Area
I hope no one else knows. I am going to make a killing betting on thisWatching Seahawks game over streaming and it is just a bit behind Twitter. I see the result before the play. Twitter needs a lag #toolive
A great entry role in venture with my friends at https://t.co/l8nabE4yZF
yup. All about tuning into authentic voices you want to hear from and communicate with day in and day out. Sigh.
I am still waiting for one to be organically sent to me
amazing! What a great service
THIS^💯 “Why Silicon Valley is all wrong about Apple’s AirPods” by https://t.co/tXrwt7Fswu
on it! 😝
the emoji versions of lip reading are going to be incredible
soon just retina scan
I heard 51 is the new 71.  Enjoy the fine age!
https://t.co/entPrZiXuy
deeply buried one day I finally found the setting that turned this off.  I don't remember where, but there is hope!
awesome!
Great post and great advice from https://t.co/p5nq6Jx0xF
didja get a plus?
These will be more important than the dual camera . Her is here. I want BeatsPods
Fell asleep before midnight last week and didn't get to preorder my iPhone 7. Putting gum in my headphone jack to simulate the experience.
cheers to a new beginning!
oh I follow sports all right... just not the Jets ;) Go Seahawks!!!
Pretty awesome that the first NFL game live on is actually a good one. Not what I expected from the Jets and the Bills
a lot of it depends on setting up the intrinsic motivation before someone shows up to your product too
Hey can the whole Twitter stream during the game tonight just be a grudge match between and
call him Fred
congrats Tim!
how can you not imagine this? Even more stability than a Facebook board seat and more to intellectually ponder
google says they explicitly aren't and cars where drivers have to pay attention sometimes are more dangerous than human drivers
it means consumers will start paying for some software on a monthly basis. Such as a photo editor with filters.
hah no thanks
nope
How do I turn off typing suggestions in iOS 10? - I found this very helpful https://t.co/qI5lOsLa4e
🤗
dear Hunter - when you start a tweet with an sign, only those who follow the mentioned person will see it
except Canada
congrats.  Everyone except Canadians and communist countries are going to have an incredible time.
and.... It is Twitter inside YouTube!   https://t.co/MFt2THBMso
how many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
Lots of Twitter alumni have gone on to great things. One of the coolest is helping cars drive themselves https://t.co/V8qlJ87OzB
shoot me a note?  Josh at Greylock
totally. Going to be a great and long term market here
👊👊👍
have to reduce the shiny head.  But awwww thanks 🤗
probably in an evening
we talked about Trump+AI, and that mobile isn't dead yet for new startups and investing
More on iMessage platform which is live today.  Can't wait to see what people build. Great post  https://t.co/HyChGqfXw5
I would love that.
“The Most Important Update from the Apple Event Isn’t Wireless Headphones” by https://t.co/rn2YEn2pKg
Prepping to go on stage with in a bit at Disrupt https://t.co/wPLNXAEPqN
IMessage apps and integrations are going to be a great new distribution channel - probably the first one Apple has added directly since ASO
CSaas (consumer software as a service) is going to be an important new category now with iOS10 allowing and supporting subscriptions
60+ apps to upgrade overnight in App Store can only mean one thing: ios10 is here!
A compelling new storytelling format on mobile.  https://t.co/aifZkkgSF1
yeah sometimes is odd as comments. but when it works it prompts even better discussion like I found here.
not a great thing to start season on a short week
congrats! All I got was a headache from all the staring.
is this like when the people bought the mayo?
this grudge match is incredible
big move. VR is coming!
true except there is still too much noise from all of the content. What if you could only pick 2 per day? Per week?
The best part of writing it has been the discussions that have emerged.  Worth reading through all of the responses. #ilovemedium
A week ago I wrote a short post on about my challenges dealing with overwhelming with too much content https://t.co/XyrdQLbPno
finally partnering with Twitter! I still remember the time you came over in what 2010?
Good overview of the opportunity Twitter still has in front of it and the challenges to reignite momentum  https://t.co/LxQ8Z4Kr9T
happy to learn more - josh at Greylock dot com
was living in Bellevue (near Seattle) at the time
you haz a 15 yr old?
The scariest thing I remember from 9/11/01 after the initial horror was going to bed that night and worrying about what could come next.
We had walking pneumonia pass through our family this summer. It sucks. Sending hopes and prayers to all else afflicted.
you aren't the only one! He also probably is better in college
all those losses seem to fall on the front office.  I am still surprised Carroll has done so much better than Harbaugh
you just enjoy your gabbert
do you mean like batching up all the responses?
well they know you love Adam Sandler
I know -- next time for sure!
oh wow I have no idea what is going on there
“weren’t those browser sessions in cognito?” ;)
thinking about it
Why always on a Saturday? And why didn't the last guy put a tray underneath? https://t.co/K6RCWEbswz
they certainly got me here!
😂😂😂
mazel tov!
Not the best look https://t.co/pqXcbb45AY
it is often surprising and magical to find, and you can't just manufacture it. You did a lot of smart things trying
“Mark Zuckerberg Was Always Mark Zuckerberg” by https://t.co/3hYtASH9r6
but but it was better then.
tbh they were always a top 3 team of mine since Steve Grogan and Tony Eason era. Until cheater Brady beat the Hawks :)
...And now with my first pick Gronkowski already out with hamstring issues, I most certainly have lost
I'm so sorry. Absurd.
in and out that day afterwards
oh no sorry to miss you!
a new watch would be my first!
midnight
free sandwiches!
this may just replace the house!  Your autonomous fleet can take you anywhere you ever want to go
gonna wait until the Airpods come out
making the reservation when you didn't even have to is quite manly indeed
Somehow I didn't have the "Courage" to make an iPhone pre order last night.
are there extra bonus packs I can buy to make the Skype more interesting?
yes we can. Trump is certainly not the answer though. Clinton has been investigated very heavily. Ending this chat now
the voters voice can come through loud and clear in election. But voters should know who they are actually choosing
Trump has been sued by people who trusted him and considered him a partner multiple times.
correct. America certainly isn't for sale. And shouldn't be conned either. more open conversations need to be had.
Bravo Dustin and Cari for taking a stand https://t.co/5Ao268iuK4
if someone makes a comment but no one hears the comment, did the comment actually happen?
you have now commented. Liar's paradox.
Hah - I was last pick (but on the snake) and had to draft from mobile. At least I got Russell!
thank you! Hard to believe that we were starting Linkedin Jobs 12 years ago!
impressively done with a Dropbox link
dammit
There are few people I would want more involved in any company's early days than Scott https://t.co/rpvEWus8se
yeah I picked a bunch of handcuffs. Hoping for injuries!
The DMV system has been broken this morning by someone who has out of state car registration, CA plates, and lost a drivers license
was tempted
needed to recover from my poor kicker play last year . TB did it in their draft too
star rbs like stewart and gordon
Is it possible to lose a fantasy football season before the first game? After my drafts last night, I think I already have.
so awesome to see the potential community impact of these changes
Insightful tweetstorm about the difference between great design and user level pragmatism https://t.co/GbaIwcVA86
people have become so detached from the code now. It was fun to be so close to the metal
how long do we have to wait for that?
yeah. dual camera. sigh. not sure I want that big.
i’m a phone monogamist. a phonogamist if you will
Fine fine. I’ll take the giant phone with dual cameras and 256MB in Jet Black if you insist.
Can I buy a monthly subscription for new Airpods? Considering how often I will lose them.  Looking forward to implants
Your 10x zoom is ok. But I turn my camera’s zoom up to 11x.
congratulations on your twitterversary. I still remember when you showed up wandering around aimlessly on day 1
fine, I'll get one then
i am going to keep touching yours
does this get more or less reads when published during apple keynote?
or you could just get a tv with more ports
fireTV is a pretty great device
eg all the people who didn’t get apple keynote invites
they should just stop
this is the only news I need for the entire rest of the day
M-A-R-I-O
I have added a "call Alex" button to my home screen whenever I think about what to watch read or listen to
thank you for being my editor. Now if you were only there next time I sit down to watch tv
yes - but still small relatively
true. Who has friends on Android anyway (except maybe the whole rest of the world)
grats on the new gig!
how they are opening it up
agreed on interop but agree this is gonna be fun
but I want to listen now!! Had saved this for later in the day yesterday. (Saw show in its last week - blown away)
ultimately needs to be cross platform though
don't think this makes iMessage a lot more or less used than it already is, but might stop some migration to other things
I think subscriptions are a bigger deal overall. But I do believe iMessage will be a great new growth vector for apps.
never has a one character tweet made me so happy!  Good luck today!
thank you for the validation 🤗
Today's Apple news will be about the hardware. But I think the biggest changes to come are going to be opening up subscriptions and iMessage
can you leave it up for late night west coast listening next time? 🙏🏽
Cool to see a response from an actual gold medalist, on my thoughts comparing Olympics and startups https://t.co/yWCMexnSDc
what were you saying about most attention spans?
yup and just a few of them. and over time that does get easier to forget
yup 100%. This is the power of Snapchat. Instagram was worried it was going to become choice of 28+ too
fair enough. Part of invention is believing you are close for long enough until you get there. But no room for lying and faking
knew second hand some people who worked there and were working very hard and believed in their work. Something seems off though
vs getting teenagers to switch back to more Instagram use. Eg to prevent Snapchat from growing in older demographics
great interview about Snapchat v Instagram. One quibble - I think Instagram launched it to prevent you from switching to snapchat
sounds like a bug in the EMP they sent out. they were only targeting the corded ones.
yeah - really no way to a/b these. But no one doubts founder involvement is 🔑
we have moved beyond Casper already?
I hope the lack of iPhone headphone jack gets everyone playing music in public again like the boombox era https://t.co/IRhKef8qWm
I think this is probably the right math. Car ownership doesn't trend towards zero, but closer to 1 per family
shoot me an email.  Can try to figure something out. Josh at Greylock
was back in SF less than 36 hours after landing from the red eye. Finally caught up on sleep I think
just saw this - we landed at ewr same time! Virgin flight?
oh man I didn't know you were at infospace. Small world!
right. I can't wait to stop driving, I just want a car with my stuff ready when I need it.
automatic storage lockers that the fleet car visits after it drops you off / before it picks you up?
just saying hi into the conversation.  People love their cars and dragging stuff around. Hard to replace.
https://t.co/MCAgl7jq2t
we should chat. I beat them last year :)
a smart system would blend the orders into one system so the human robot coffee makers couldn't miss them
but to your point - why buy a product if you aren't going to make it better (unless removing it from market is part of intention)
Instagram has had to do a lot of alignment around ads (but also reaps the benefit of getting fb's sales force)
earlier acquisitions are about aligning teams toward a larger shared vision, joining sales and marketing forces, etc
Whatsapp and Instagram are very different acquisitions than those which happen much earlier in a product's growth cycle
(autonomy is different when acquisition is later in their growth such as instagram or Whatsapp)
it isn't about autonomy it is about alignment in shared vision. SmartThings at Samsung has been a good example to me
can I come?
keep the magic. You can do it
Different rules when you aren't in your own bed
eg direct from one brain to another
there is a good idea here around AI agents working in background for us and alerts via mobile etc
ah - sure. But that would put ai more on same level as cloud, not a platform users shifting to
Apple's spaceship rising https://t.co/eFTSkQLKRR
what does that even mean? ;)
Do you like growth and particularly growing media platforms?  Come join us at https://t.co/nrOlq8mXUI👊👊💥
yeah I am just messing around trying to start a fight so we can go viral too
celebrating fights provokes new fights right?
sorry you had to deal with that ugliness.
agitator
I learned so much in my first job at RealNetworks. Many great entrepreneurs sprung out of there too https://t.co/X1S7idDncp
"this awkward bald guy bumped into me and didn't immediately bow at my feet in apologetic awe that he touched me"
https://t.co/8AcU2Z6yXs https://t.co/qCmC0aH8Ou
I bumped into Lena Dunham on the street once. She didn't give me the time of day. But I acted like I didn't recognize her either.
dances with wolves
it says "starting soon". Kinda boring right now!
Proud to stand with on this very frustrating issue and situation. https://t.co/IhMrE9F7kz
it's almost like you want an algorithmic timeline?
oh sure - I was just surprised it surfaced again and wanted to know why!
hahaa great!  I removed the tweet once I saw what you were doing :)
anytime though! My colleague is also awesome and did product at Linkedin and ancestry and startups
https://t.co/qIjZyaxgqH
Josh at Greylock dot com.  Can take a look or might have our team review (am dreadfully behind at moment :( )
try new tweet
Powerful video https://t.co/rvu1AjsJcS (via
Wait so how do I cast a vote for Taco Trucks? Because that sounds like a landslide victory
cool. Just surprised you found such an old tweet.  Glad "tuning your timeline" is working for you. Most folks don't get there
y
how did you find that?
that makes me sad
I've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life
Rewatched Star Wars II: Attack of the Clones. It reminded me just how good Lucas is at story and world creation, and how terrible at dialog
yeah!!!
you are on #vctweet fire today
Great explanation of how venture capital works and why it's hard to measure along the way. https://t.co/ybVxq5Amgb
The one and only https://t.co/jngWwRGpa7
great crew today and questions.  Thank you for having me!
yeah - life is often on a 30 year nostalgia cycle. The 60s were huge when I was a teen
I don't think so ultimately -- I mean all investors need to be poking around the edges of what can be next and giant
thanks.  Yours is great too about pointing out how to look around the next corners. I sent it to !
Some good counter arguments here to my points about there being a big future ahead on mobile apps (and investing)  https://t.co/wH1lvPBhZZ
Stranger Things was amazing. I wish it had the Game of Thrones weekly buildup. Was it just 80s kids who loved it? https://t.co/ofA2J3gTGl
24 hours in big 🍎
TFW you land after a red eye and think oh god what have I done
omg wow. Buried. thank you!
but I love the Mariners. Don't want to unfollow!
better not!
I don't want less, I want never!
How do I tell Facebook never to show me sports scores? Not why I check Facebook. (Sometimes don't want to ruin it) https://t.co/rKtiNCrSAm
yeah a really great company and team
sure - and a lot of people are investing in those. I think a lot of great things to come just from new experiences on phones
I focus on consumer products but several colleagues of mine look more at business and productivity products
what do you think?  I think a lot of people are trying to make new things - can't wait to see what sticks
yeah - a pretty special company
like minds!!
but I am still surprised how often the pressure tactics work 😟
if you don't like how someone treats you before you sign, it certainly won't get better...
A writeup on my post yesterday about how apps users *are* still downloading and trying new apps https://t.co/fhoE0mJgCW via
basically this is just all a discussion between founder, new investor, prior investors (vs "terms")
sorry - hadn't read your addendum. That is exactly the set of topics I was thinking about
fascinating discussions yesterday. All leave out the founder though who is really deciding cap table
Rest in peace Gene Wilder. This scene is one of strongest memories from my childhood. Thank you.  https://t.co/xGGFm3bKLa
my point here was people are still at least downloading and trying new apps, even if not sticky - https://t.co/3kcgK5NdZU
and look at how many people wear contacts to avoid that!
you might be right - but the experience still takes a longer time to get into and out of
“Platforms on Platforms on Platforms” - smart insights on where some of the next platforms might be  https://t.co/E3jzZeqIzC
email me Josh at Greylock
There is a lot of discussion these days of what comes "after mobile". I think there is a ton to still do on mobile! https://t.co/8Amm1oI2pg
yeah - though I still think we need some giant new ideas. Just doesn't need to be a whole new platform
of course. But first there is the question of whether people will even download and try new apps in first place
go Eric go
this tweet doesn't have the post link... Doh!
except for queen Bey
there will be more of them!
yeah I think they all fit into those 3
we didn't generate that list. People are always trying new games
free sandwich if you had the app.
and of course chick fil-a and tidal via its stars (though not brand itself)
great question for further analysis Miitomo, Gboard, lively, bitmoji had help from brand or platform.
yeah - I think there is a lot of handwringing over "what will be as large as the smartphone?" So much to do...
agree 100% with your note
thanks DK!
the odds have always been low! All of the winners are true outliers and did something novel and different.
I don't think people are going to win by replacing current behaviors. It will be inventing new ones on mobile.
maybe - but not sure. in case of Tinder, great monetization already. I think a lot of $1B+ valuations are still expecting scale tho
that isn't necessarily the right question. Key is people are still trying new things https://t.co/NxQctfTUvE and some will stick!
part of a longer discussion: https://t.co/NxQctfTUvE .  First point is that users still will download new things...
musically is the most recent. And yes I agree staying power matters. But at least strong willingness to try new things still exists
yeah - a great show and reminder of how fast life moves in the long term even if feels slow in the short term
pundits - but also a surprising number of investors and founders are "bored". I can't wait for the next wave.
those and a bunch of the commerce integrations are a good start.  Too many people started looking for conversation. Will shift
sure - but bots replace the email newsletter
on the way
it is a great product. And starting to connect people around interests!
sure - but do you remember the browser compatibility matrix? And today we have AWS!
yeah - staying power has been tougher this year I think. But you gotta start somewhere!
read https://t.co/HMaqrliHTg
Down to Chick Fil-A is pretty catchy
the web was even worse - discovery was almost all Google or email virality. App Store as gatekeeper is less of concern than fb
People are still downloading and trying new apps. Here are some of the apps that have peaked in App Store this year https://t.co/XsCltyxic4
old fashioned way - actual memory
conversation over a dinner or game night among friends, services celebrating someone's life, solitude and thinking
pretty soon this will be the default way browsers open. Or it should be
did you try to pull the slide?
It is always those moments and stories that don't get thrown onto social media that make you think the most about what matters.
can't we just be friends though?
I think we be hearing the last of Kap so good for him to take his stand while still relevant
in Monterey?
offering to host?
let's host a summer incubator program.
did you grow up in Olympia? I grew up in Tacoma. Best place July-sept anywhere
telling all my single friends now
wait seriously, "hi" works? Mind blown!!
oh wow yes. My wife just asked "what are you laughing at?". It must suck to be a guy trying to be witty
did it work?
'Neon Fever Dream' Is a fun book to read if you are staying home from the Burning Man playa next week https://t.co/inyWYFx48L
I sense a post from Abdur soon!
maybe they need help
secret armies
maybe she is interviewing?
thanks for replying - the journey is what is most important
well that implies even more reason YT thinks there is an opportunity
beautiful image
actually one of the best ways to learn about someone is to see their Twitter timeline
Nice picture of And congrats to team - one of the best in the business  https://t.co/YpT8spqmwv
Just walked down the street behind a huge group of well dressed people heading here.  #SanFrancisco  https://t.co/3HAdjFQ1Un
good question!  I think easy to learn wasn't quite right vs "motivated enough to learn". iPhone, Facebook, driving a car all fit
they are HQ in China but going after worldwide use
prefer global markets vs locally limited companies. But HQ and teams can be anywhere
I have backed companies in Israel and China
new headphones. This is worth it
unclear - depends on if this is daily or occasional usage, if cohort retention goes up, and if any growth engine
sometimes the emails have been queued up at the post office already ready to be sent
adding who spent $500m+ on open source companies at VMware and then did docker and others. loves code he can see
have done plenty of both. But yes will always take the tiny hints of early traction calls
**ahem** raises hand :)
This is the value I always thought was worth fb spending $20B for https://t.co/DAnd4XfGng
The McDonald's step tracker that burnt kids skin is now worth yogurt or apples in a trade  https://t.co/d8iROMO4bR
huh - haven't noticed it at all. In fact going back to naked phone feels almost flimsy
and yes - I would easily pay $100 more for a slightly thicker phone called iPhone LL (long life)
it feels very smooth to me. Note that I always had a case after breaking 3 phones, so this was just a little bigger case
have you tried it? The fit, feel, and integration are much smoother than Mophie. Function over form
trust me: https://t.co/lY3qbZfRIM
hmm - one big reason artists invest in fb insta Twitter and snapchat has been interaction beyond the long videos. YT wants that
Twitter data very different. Don't conflate it with intentful search
nah - I don't think it is that relevant to broad Google. But combined with youtube it could be a renewed powerhouse
can we make this our office? https://t.co/6FpJyBi4nY (and get this clip back on YouTube?). If double yes, I'm in
If true, this is why YouTube should just offer to buy Twitter and why Twitter should consider merging  https://t.co/8IkRatimLx
also if you delete your account.  Just let me know first if you are going to do that!
surprised there are still people who haven't seen it
la costena or la bamba in mountain view 👌👌👌
“The Startups’ Map To Global Expansion” by https://t.co/1UlNtGKLR6
thx!!
ah so that is why you keep talking about Cloud and SoLoMo
Some random thoughts after watching hours of Olympics last 2 weeks and then 3 days of YCombinator demo day this week https://t.co/B5NfTyP0T4
thanks for the thoughtful answer to my snarky question
why would you give away your source code?
Sales Help Internal Terminal
Active Sale Spot?
then you have time to read lol!
then what are you doing on Twitter?
worth reading through to capture the fear, uncertainty, and terror of those moments viscerally
“Terrorizing Ourselves?” by https://t.co/kNZ0dwm9eF
we have come to accept that human drivers are fallible, well except ourselves when are are driving. But computers......NO!
Talking about growth today: "if it doesn't stick, it doesn't matter"
turns out a boat up the bay is the very fastest
unfortunately at 5pm even 280 is slow until San Mateo, and getting there from 101 side even worse
dammit I never should have opened the book
wait where is Schrödinger's cat again? Is he still alive in the box? Is the book more confusing than this?
nah. Linkedin never sent one unless you intentionally sent it
brilliant
😂😂😂😂😂
never sorry about the ones I wanted to send! Just sad when friends don't want to join me
nah. DTL was an engineered loop but every invite intentionally sent by a user
truth be told, I did 😘
where?
Official apologies if an app I tried spammed you with an invite today. If an app doesn't say it will be inviting everyone and then it does 😡
Quite a 4 years for from Kickstarter (launched 8/23/12) to Samsung and beyond!  https://t.co/BQVNewnVjb https://t.co/TwPvR69dUN
Hard work to get this story. Totally deserves the page view  https://t.co/76jcKDjTG1
Allbirds are the best
you coming to south bay or SF only? if the latter, bring your parka. If the former, would love to say hi!
this was considered an upgrade to the old version to get more clicks. Nice "fruit 🍑" comment
boob and butt hahahaha
you could learn more about someone just looking at their MySpace page than hours scrolling their Twitter or Instagram feeds
three different types of flavored pretzels
did you bring your overpriced epipen?
yeah - and they need to then teach us the language to remember all of those too!
I would argue it works great for a wow out of the box moment but it makes it tough to really get going on a habit with Echo
One year until Solar Eclipse 2017 hits the US https://t.co/kGbIyqQL3w
all it takes to convert you is one mention right?
they built a 70,000 person city in just one week. You'll never believe what happened next.
💯yeah fair. Crazy to go from a strong NBA finals to bench in gold medal game
One snap can really mess you up https://t.co/YUk5aprkpZ https://t.co/q6Y1SjG5Eg
someone told him to apologize and tried to show him which words to say. Didn't work
seltzer is on a 30 year cycle. Coming back strong.
yeah as long as you have a parka
brrrrr. Live in the warm burbs
perhaps. For me, strong prioritization among those -- help founders in portfolio, meet those not yet in it, increase flow of both
yeah this was referring to my work as a product manager before VC. Distractions even higher now
tile should promote your tweet and pay you for it
the scary thing is it can be worse than fair and balanced
❤️ and hope
Two very good tweet storms from Brendan on being better empathy between investors and founders https://t.co/KbVJOXZ8dh
on it
hmm should we invest?
asking "how could it be worse?" Means there could be a lot worse
launched just over a year ago. few people have birthday on account so starting to see it more now
ah thanks for the tip!
Starting to worry about the America where Trump and Ailes create a new media company and foment relentless anger against President Clinton
oh I think you often have to teach/guide and explain a product. Just that once you do, they love it
THIS
right -- something that is hard to learn but people are really motivated to invest in learning works too
if it is fairly infrequent use, it should be easy to remember once you learn it. Like riding a bike
thanks Dharmesh. I appreciate that. If only I knew then... !
yeah - the mindset and story you start with matters a lot. Also good to think about what someone heard before starting
dammit now you have called my bluff! But seriously, all about the motivation to learn vs difficulty to learn
that's no excuse!
😳
absolutely. One of the most important parts of listening is asking the right questions
thank you!
sometimes that is a feature not a bug
easy to learn. Eg someone who is interested in the product can get going
thank you
certainly the CEO since they are in the fray
such a downer 😳
u calling me old? ;)
be urgent about good work, be patient about the reward
well I can't say I always had perfect role models. But the people I have seen most succeed didn't always either
thanks 👊 wish I knew it 15 years ago
So many people I look up to deeply who have done and continue to do great work leading many of the greatest companies of our time
If I could tell the younger Josh just to be patient and do great work, I am sure I would be even prouder of what I have done.
When you get into a mindset about how much responsibility you have as more important than users, you will screw up. I did this too much
I spent way too much time earlier worrying about what my job was instead of just focusing on what problems I was challenged with solving
The other thing I realized when asked for career advice was how immature I often was in my career.
Listening to users won't tell you what to build. But it will tell you where all the gaps are, and then the team's creativity can go to work
Nothing better than talking to users who don't get your product, aren't excited to try it, tried it but didn't stick, or came back and did
It can be really hard when you are deep inside a product team to remember this and remember how hard it is to learn your product
Products don't have to be "easy to use" just "easy to learn" and create strong motivation to learn and want to use.
Building something that users understand and enjoy is all that matters. If they don't get it, you aren't making it easy enough to learn
Spoke to two great product teams yesterday about how to build products and my transition to VC.  Had a couple big realizations:
it is ok to say you were confused as a customer. But too many assume bad intent from companies
I guess we now understand the "go home" part of "go big or go home"
dude, he found a rare Pokemon. Stop getting in the way in pokestops
did you just volunteer?
Good rebuttal to a nasty Quartz article on Postmates from https://t.co/oJu9G0DtyY
well someone who can't figure out Linkedin to reorder positions on their profile is another story
or the fastest. I want the fastest.
anyway my point was just that the Linkedin thing is smart and not "annoying" or "credit taking"
This guy is moronic. And lied to his own mom to hide his stupidity. Can we take back his medals? https://t.co/PK1VRqSRvE
just remember VCs are normal people too. Sometimes put falsely on pedestal.
of credit taking?
listing affiliation on LinkedIn is fine. I don't know VCs who do that. Hopefully you don't either (or go avoid them!)
just hope he didn't get the chest hair
there is logic here. If people in your network search for people at the company you'd like to be found to help
maybe something good will happen in Teddy's lifetime
nice to meet you too! https://t.co/xvpu2IiXGt
his mom. Serious
Yahoooooooooo! https://t.co/VL6WixP1Pq
if you had made this "will he be wearing pants" suspense, I might have tuned in to watch
Conversational Commerce Goes Visual &lt;- I am dressing better thanks to this latest version of  https://t.co/oNtGFAXfMh
true. People who don't like brookstone are weirdos in the most positive way
when you have to clarify the most positive way possible do you really mean it positively?
❤️💯
I like seeing Farhad's messy house https://t.co/GSNfY3MMRZ
not sure that I can get better than that one. It is pretty unforgettable. https://t.co/pByHZi7DiZ
more often when we meet outside funding than while pitching
I am always happy to do this in a discussion
On NPR today, heard and telling their stories of building impressive companies.  Awesome
when doing user research
💯 - also this is a great thing to ask after onboarding to see what someone thinks your product is about to do https://t.co/AqQ29kqrae
delete your account
walking on sand hill road is like walking on the Strip. “One complex over” is as far as one casino over
DUDE I AM HERE
do you mean like permanently?  Or you could just ghost them
that is fantastic. https://t.co/L9Q8BcDtss
(a) lots of people think venture capital is a permanent job - good reminder from 10 years ago it's not (b) not everyone knows that
this was from 2005.  The turnover at other firms is even steeper. Sometimes the firms themselves
So You Want to Be a Venture Capitalist https://t.co/vqnWrAs2YJ &lt;-- good historical reminder of turnover in VC
I was wondering what S-1 filing you were reading
nah. Farhad just has terrible taste. like always says.
HQ, founders, core team in China
not really
both would be close on mine
no one ever will. But if you could do it both ways, which would you choose?!
I get chills every time I hear the phrase "Welcome to the Rock" in a Sean Connery accent
I want everyone's lists that I follow
Dear Netflix Amazon or iTunes, first of you to import all my friends #fav7films into my watch list will have my eternal gratitude and $$
🖕🏿
yup a couple weeks ago!  (Goonies still better - what an adventure)
Goonies. Princess Bride. Return of the Jedi. The Rock. Truman Show. Schindler's List. Avatar. #fav7films
have you let him know he has just been subtweeted?
great to meet you. Enjoy the transition to your new role!
services never evolve.
yeah. Buried in its own corner, doesn't matter. The offensive part is the pornbots that try to attract people to it
thanks for the tip - I didn't know that was on Twitter! ;)
checked out your account, didn't see anything amiss. Which accounts were you complaining about? ;)
let's do it!
common theme?
“Two Years of the U.S. Digital Service” by thank you to the many friends who have served. Outstanding progress https://t.co/JIPZyRdzVL
by episode 2. It isn't twin peaks weird
so I can get points in some way to skip ahead, or I can join a group of people who all are together.
having something or a few things I am anticipating is powerful too. I wonder if there is a way to gamify this
but until I am into the next binge, I am finding myself more and more disengaged and not sure what to watch
I get it - people love binging through a story more than waiting. Especially once they know it's good.
Japan for the culture, Australia for the natural beauty and wildlife
growth hack for Goonies. Worth it for one of the 5 best movies of all time I guess
no not recently. But yes after a few episodes were out and we knew the shows were good
yeah that is a good point. Though I signed up for HBO to get SV, Ballers, and GoT
to me, it is definitely better. I struggled to finish Mr Robot but liked the premise. Couldn't stop with stranger things
Amazing  https://t.co/ULZ0MKWReX
not sure. If you could "catch up" but then we all get new content together it could be at least as amazing
truffle shuffle anyone?
By the way, Stranger Things is fantastic if you haven't watched it. I binged a few weeks ago. Might have enjoyed weekly anticipation more
Seeing a few people try Stranger Things tonight. Makes me think Netflix could build hype better with weekly show like GoT than binge though
it is terrible, don't waste your time. Just keep wondering when you hear others talking about liking it. They're lying.
I am happy to help you with the bloody nose. Lmk! 👊
don't go out in the woods tonight
is fighting against amazon in e-commerce the new land war in Asia?
I sense your fear in betting right now
I said share of ecommerce
I bet Walmart increases share of ecommerce &gt; 5% but also does a &gt; $1.5b goodwill write down in next 3 years
3 years in a row that in August I either did a term sheet, closed a round, or brought in a company we later gave terms
that oversimplifies what they did and were getting to work
right - but Walmart has built in marketing power but wasn't serving users who got to their site as well
there is a lot more positive than what you read. Hard to scale both marketing and operations to deliver $100m+ in a month
it is already starting in a good way
I think they were pretty clear it is opening up
This is a fantastic Twitter moments experience. All the talk is "stories" but opening Moments might be bigger https://t.co/UxPlUtu957
much better look
https://t.co/dQhJtWKiVt
props and then two gripes. Perfect Fouad
yup that counts too!
nope. Basically all outside China
true true!
Understanding and understanding https://t.co/dXmyaX9ClX
bug on line 17
Come on - make the user click through to the app from the notification instead of spoiling it immediately https://t.co/HZUk93K5go
I can't wait to own my own island
finally everyone in tech stopped announcing stuff. What will Techmeme do?
essentially!
please stop talking about seeing dead people
true - though that growth was a little bit less organic so far at least
coppa is not something to "combat" but something any company must take very seriously
.@musicallyapp is the first Chinese App company I know of that has successfully grown in non-Chinese markets  https://t.co/bqR3cdOLed
Created a new Olympic sport tonight: 3 armed swimming (like 3 legged race) If you let go of your teammate you are both disqualified. Go USA!
fb made the best investment imo. Thought Nest could have performed better. Jet is huge bet for walmart
so look at all of these as $3b options. The jet one is to reignite Walmart commerce
not thinking long term enough.  Some of these like Instagram will be giants
Love seeing the people who do work in the trenches getting recognition. Nice work and team https://t.co/gWCETX8cl4
oculus has yet to fully play but Instagram is great of course.
I don't think he likes Bevel
wait is Trump bringing back prohibition? Or is this about suffrage?
😳
me too?
yeah good point.  But we need more forensic data researchers
👰👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Thank you Fred for uncovering and explaining one piece of the internet underbelly. https://t.co/9xQx9IR4RS
yup. Hi Nathan :-)
Considered writing a post "what startups can learn from the Final Five". Decided that would be silly. But GOAT!! https://t.co/GNcEwzhxmt
This is really beautiful modern storytelling. It looks great on mobile too. Kudos to team https://t.co/wv6JeatUik
I certainly think it can. But it just means that the growth engine around stories is blunted
yes most was self inflicted. But it created enough confusion in market too (vs if fb had not built that and done msging)
Dat headline 🙈 but has a good analysis of why this isn't about beating a competitor but slowing growth https://t.co/hdu0PhjScd
Do you like your iPhone and like working with apps? If so, this is a phenomenal job opportunity: 

https://t.co/tdRF6h94sL
“Question: exactly when is someone going to use your app/service?” by https://t.co/lhjpm1927j
hey now, don't start subtweeting me or I will have to get all 7th amendment on you.
https://t.co/jlUxroCgkj
lane I was thinking of you
I don't think there will ever be a subtweet as good as this one again.  https://t.co/DdjP62aOoz
Um swimming pools should be the same color. Most likely the blue one. Yuck #Rio2016  https://t.co/B3FOyaYLEI
“Inventing in Public” by https://t.co/atBJCtuuxf
can you start a hedge fund again so I can invest?
so... Not a bubble?
yeah that is what I didn't understand.  They have $500b in cash. You compared this to debt in last cycle. Why is cash bad?
so wait, are you saying we are in a bubble?
hey now, it’s been 25 years and I am still getting good feedback on that. (seriously - just last week!)
exactly!!
don't you want to get endorsed for your mad babysitting skillz?
Also, LinkedIn should start scraping #firstsevenjobs and offering to add these to your profile if they aren't there yet
yup. Having that balance wrong always catches up
great post
Wow. I remember when we were first starting LinkedIn Jobs and we regarded https://t.co/NvEtyD5wGs as a monster co https://t.co/Z9DtV8Sh8jthey had been on it since the beginning ;) #lastsevenjobs
give Russ $1 for hating
ah. So you got to hater later in your career? 😘
that wasn't one of my first jobs. Yours?
Seeing lots of "first seven jobs" posts now on Facebook. A couple days after #firstsevenjobs trended on Twitter. Fascinating.
stop twegging the founders for features by twopying them into your tweets
we need a name for the "dude I already tweeted that" tweet response. Maybe a "twoneup"?
xfinity Comcast one whatever else it is branded is finally quite good
I am so sorry for your loss
brand extensions are all that work in 2016 super markets
I bet they turn it up. Especially for in store shoppers
did a lot of string quartetting in high school. Though perhaps not a real job
sure - but they were all equivalent prices paid at the time. And all were strategic+talent deals not just accretive revenue
thanks for the update and the article!'
different era. But yes bold and impressive
AOL bought time Warner don't forget. Was almost a brilliant move. I was at real, broadcast was smart but premature
that era totally different. Both were right thesis but premature
Good reminder from that all of these are less than one "Yahoo core assets"
of course
should we? ;)
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
totally different era though
why do you think that?  Resurgence of Apple Music?
missed a Beats!  Same as a Jet!
maybe over text message?
One Jet == almost one Nest == Instagram + Oculus.  🤔 who got the best deal?
is serving ice cream until 11pm and then cleaning up the sticky when you are 14 close enough?
I feel bad for anyone who follows you for stock tips
Tacoma WA - still love the combinations of mountain and water better than anywhere
Ichiro! https://t.co/s2Ah1D37q2
Watching Ichiro play has been one of the highlights of my Mariners fandom https://t.co/ulK0AB5MN4
former salt pools
yeah - have long needed more ways to capture and share what is happening
yes totally should just open to a camera. Tweet your world
yeah - though ABT:  always be tuning. But should feature things about Olympics or new cool companies vs those accts
hey - my tweet wasn't that bad!  (Nor was my wtf feature ;) )
so much is written about founding.  Not enough with joining early and helping build!
thanks Maria!! Hope you are great
also has a typo!
The Olympics Gold Zone is as good as the NFL Red Zone. Best way to watch sports when many things going on at the same time. 👌
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 have a good Twitter Shabbat
not about monetizing. About the stories feed looking like it only has brand content instead of friend content. I See it already
🔥🔥🔥
have you played Pokemon Go?
this is the most subtle begging to get on a suggested user list I have ever seen from Hunter
omwrn
and why did you ever quit then?
did you get free all you can eat breadsticks? What a perk!
I was more impressed with the step up from Olive Garden to Chevys tbh ;)
actually this form of free light broadcast to all the people you know was first popularized by them if not invented
or just such an important communication path between people it transcended mediums
you should be.#silverspoon ;)
not an unusual thing :)
thank you. I hope it helps!
👶🏽 babysitter 🍦ice cream scooper 🎻 cellist 💻 database administrator 👬 camp counselor 📔 book editor/tester ⌨ programmer #firstsevenjobs
The most offensive yet funniest part of the Olympics opening ceremony  was how excited the commentator was to say Djibouti.
I tried to watch it but there wasn't even enough storage on my phone to buffer the video.
oh maybe not after reading the post shared. Make it more "down to hang"
always up for lunch 👊👊
glad I wasn't sitting next to you or I would feel very subtweeted right now
unless it's right!
huh. The ones from the moment I am following are all nice and rosy
it has been quite a long time since they wrote headlines like that
she gets you
this is the "hood check" where someone just wants to see if they are missing anything. Terrible investor trait
Happy to see the awesome progress from team Upworthy. Funny that Upworthy still has to defend themselves https://t.co/V5f7VGsGeI
how can I help you work through these mixed feelings?
they are fixing it :)
thanks for reading and catching the bug!
Micah - can you still play werewolf? Doesn't everyone just guess you are the wolf now? 🐺
or what they observe users want by looking at other products instead of envisioning what users want and delivering it
I think they tried various forms but it never felt right
just having a network doesn't guarantee every new use case works on top of it. This fallacy may be downfall
I agree - we need communities that we can go deep with and share real affinities
I have been afraid to buy a new Mac for a while. Mostly because Cords. Apple please do this: https://t.co/uFxtzvK0Hf
this is an absolutely incredible game. But games always have a half life vs communication networked which don't
yes- the Google paranoia was strong
I don't think you can put google+ on that list. At all :)
very very well :-)
So with Facebook going so hard after snapchat, who is disrupting them both?  https://t.co/U9Lx6kNMUF
hah true. It would be smart If teams plan for a 3 year journey of discovery. Most overnight successes take at least that long
isn't this just an A? Yeah - companies need enough time to do discovery, but too much cash flowing through decreases urgency
just follow sales force admins and trump's kids and kill this thread
whether that is strategy, emotional support, hiring, firing, selling, intros
roll up their sleeves and dive in at any key moments to give critical support
this is true for all "investors". That said, the best ones...
my cable card in my TiVo is on the fritz on NBC right before the olympics. How can I get a new one asap?
a physical object, service, or virtual product that is used by a person to address a need, desire, or craving
I almost took the raiders tickets I was offered for a Hoverboard
ahh well it gets my vote then!!
I want some of that. (whatever you are eating, not porn)
omg what is that
Cnn and TechCrunch are daily for me
Really sad. what a special person. what a loss. sending hugs and strength to his family :( https://t.co/fNyW25LhtT
hasn't worked. These platforms only have deep retention when people connect with friends or people they are interested in
Party lines are back!  Check out !! https://t.co/HKWC3bK9Bt
there are enough users there for the platform to stay rich. But the influencers being there has certainly not drawn more users
they make those second class citizens. But when most snapchat stories are "find the rest on IG" then will be an issue
nope.  Influencers go where users are much more than the other way re social platforms.
nah - save your best is easier when you have all the pictures and you trust they are deleted unless you save them
sure - but so is snapchat. Snapprofiles soon I bet
yeah may slow the inevitable roll. Until the next amazing feature
agreed here - I worry ironically Instagram may have sacrificed its core
oh it is getting real pickup where Instagram is tight and snapchat weak. But isn't replacing how kids were using sc
hilarious
All that matters is a key app that people want to use with their friends all the time. Snapchat has that in spades. They're fine.
It may blunt influencers and media from going all in on Snapchat - but not clear they help much anyway -- Twitter has had them for years
Even moreso - people who already talk to and share with friends on snapchat aren't going to jump to Instagram just because it has stories
Worth reading tweetstorm here. Iteration and innovation will be natural https://t.co/oa9Y3i1DmU
wouldn't be scrambling at all
yeah - I miss the pure timeline sometimes.  Let alone all the retweets. But occasionally I find a gem in the "you may like"
my daughter ❤️ your avi
“A dark secret hides in the swirling dust and exultant revelry of Burning Man” by https://t.co/fTjdSmFZkO
did Adam ignore you when you reached out to hold hands Peter?
This is a very fun read. I highly recommend this book and also Cumulus  https://t.co/He4MWhMW1r
if you check it all the time this doesn't happen as much :)
Buy Nintendo stock
also Instagram and snapchat merged 😬
less about direct educating and more about guiding people through the setting up the key areas of the product
you may be right!
If the core reason to share and get views/likes/engagement goes down, they better hope stories replaces it enough to become primary quickly
One more thought re Instagram Stories - they run a real risk of people  doing much less in the feed and so fewer likes/comments
+1000. Thanks Mel and great post Dan
especially since lion season is so short
I have distinguished this in past as pipes vs graphs. Graphs are the relationships that matter, pipes are how we use them
right -- imo network effects are fixed pipes where new information / content gets pushed through. Diff than marketplaces
that makes sense given where you promoted SC and that insta makes it easy to import fb friends
it's not about the size of your audience but who your audience is
and they realized on day 1 😬
which one is the peanut butter
Can we vote for Trudeau? https://t.co/in9HRAtM5P
Excited to see and in the same hood https://t.co/2Bhc3ycHCe
I think the data showed them they had no choice (though too many ignore declining data)
nice hedge! I think the purpose of sharing your view of the world stays though even if it is two modes of sharing
as long as it comes with your giant uber stake we have a deal!
sometimes joining forces to reach the broader vision can be a good thing
not a bailout but would be masterful to let Lore compete with Amazon using Walmart's market power and balance sheet
I am not at all worried in core demo. Def worried outside it. Live is low frequency enough that fb reach trumped Twitter fast
I meant just as much from the people I followed giving me legitimate stories
yup. Core demo is fine. But this may blunt the rise to olders. Influencers I have spoken to are already conflicted
I heard he almost wrote it
I just swiped left on the ones I wasn't as interested in. Nbd
this is why stories are so powerful because it is a daily show
well if you carefully reply to your last tweet then they all show up in a line. Almost productize D!
easy to swipe left. Just like Tinder
well so if even 10-20% do less on snapchat, the effect will be dramatic
I don't think it is discoverability - just that you already established a graph
Maybe Twitter needs to do Twitter stories!  And they already have a moments tab to show up in.
If enough people debate which app to open to post a story, this can have an immediate effect blunting snapchat's rise above its demographic
For creators who care about audience, or people over 24 who want to reach more of their friends to share, Instagram stories may be better
Stories are time consuming to watch, so the big question after the experimental phase will be from which people I want to see stories
After playing with IG stories - I realized my instagram graph was bigger than I thought. I bet many people had that experience.
I still kinda love this post: https://t.co/FElpdcMKsO
dollar floss club?
double creation path doesn't bother you?
or Meerkat and Yevvo ;)
My partner continues to catch em all. This time he announces Attic Labs investment  https://t.co/VdAwet76JZ
Excited for enabling writers and story tellers to tell their stories on with more types of content https://t.co/fvXshmSCJC
yes - they built a feature called curated timelines to do this.  Not heavily promoted or used though
you get both.  If it is just a list, most people would never go there
nah. This puts tweets into your timeline on a rolling basis. Similar in concept maybe...
yeah true. Groups and events are invisible giants. Location is foundational but hasn't quite become a discovery center yet
yes smart experiments and learnings
underestimate how?
I do think they tend to fail when they do more copying and less embracing/exteding/integrating natively though
I appreciated your prompting!
true re long game. But like Google and Microsoft before them, they won't vanquish everything. Just most.
Check out this short URL. "troll". Seriously ? This is not the troll you should be most concerned about https://t.co/ZYzrjm0Tqc
I avoided the frat world completely, but I would hardly call those adults
nah - I was the first group that got email in college. He was first smartphone group. Lot different even now
I think social media and everything being public has had an overall positive impact on your generation :)
dude. I wasn't like that in college (too awkward) but countless friends were and worse. People grow up. Zuck had moments too
have you met Evan? I think the propaganda has gotten to you. Plenty of good and bad on both - though they respect impact now
why in the world would you think that?
you should! They experimented with some things around push. "Summarization" was on my 2011 roadmap - huge opp for Twitter
(4) Instagram manages to get its cool influencers and photographers to be loyal to Instagram for stories which inspire everyone else to copy
IGStories can succeed if: (3) people keep all the pics they woulda posted to Instagram (or via their finstas) in stories now
their copying rarely works. When they make something new native to Facebook it goes much better. Live was done well
I wonder why a lot too about things that would be fun to try
2) brands love to try new features like this early. They have huge reach on IG. If lots of stories come from brands  vs friends it's DOA
1) many people use SC and IG. They will compare directly and if they are underwhelmed, they may fall out more from core Instagram.
Instagram stories is a bold 1990s era Microsoft-like attempt to embrace and extend the competition using your network advantage. 2 hurdles:
only the ones from behind
looks like two steps less original and native to Instagram than I would have hoped. But won't know until we can try it
what kind of wow is that?
Followable Moments and Topics could be (coulda been) the future of Twitter. https://t.co/VDlWao0PQZ (but ugh so many features/brands here)
real estate portfolio a new option in wealthfront?
oh I had that too.  20 GOTO 10
Logo and Papert were true originals teaching me computing when I was young. Thank you https://t.co/m0BXf7JHJTprobably wouldn't be vitality bowls competing with cheesesteak in Philadelphia.  Congrats on the celebration :)
An awesome product role for someone who wants to help creators make and share more stories.  https://t.co/jIEwsX8dUq
congrats Dan!!
.@binarycap cheers to more great investments together. Excited to see more founders get to work with you both
Big and exciting future for with Congrats and for backing them https://t.co/ioeLLWNoku
you showed how to create a meaningful community from the get-go
congrats on the new role!! Excited for you
I agree with the moral authority point. But I worry the data is self justifying (eg founders replaced in struggling situations)
I think you would be surprised by and its extended network. Will address your immediate concerns (https) too
congratsbot-- excited for this!!
Josh at Greylock
as a Mariners fan, this was just an incredible new way to lose
Congrats to Didi Chuxing for maintaining home field advantage, and Uber for a good fight. Oh wait this isn't sportsball.
the new flirting
not in fb mau. Might not now that they have account switching...  Or they may take an aggressive read here
first one that I read on fb.  Similar in quality to hatching Twitter
more like flash forwards ;). But yeah you depicted the company life well
having lived through it, and been on the up and down side of many similar conversations, it hit close to home…
but here they walk around outside together which is impressive
.@rfradin yeah impressive to see lots of families and couples playing
TIL (14x) that PokemonGo players get really annoyed if you stare at them on the street or in the park until they look up from their phones
well written - good insights into fb transformation in that era and ad tech challenges on mobile why fb is winning
but that is when I check email etc between episodes
9 and 6 right?
did it involve barehanded catching?  That is usually my favorite part of unagi day (besides the eating)
what is your "7 almonds"?
Is The Nerve a millenial version of Running Man? Or would that be too high praise?
I will never take your words at face value again. Not sure why I did in this case :)
one wrinkle in the narrative is this takes place in LA
my wife once asked me "why are you taking calls when you should be making calls". Changed everything.
I still remember 16 bit programming.
Now I want to know how fast the number of servers in data centers and robots in factories are increasing too! https://t.co/gaJvwPzfUw
Very good list of strong growth folks. Most of whom I am much older than :) : https://t.co/agu6UgGR0f via
wearing those to your party today?
#notapaidbenparrendorsement
trump's answer is so simple and is resonating much better than Obama's. This is the challenge in the campaign
I loved the first couple episodes